Golden amber color with a high white foamy head. Rich salty baguette, marmalade, and spicy apple-pear tart aromas with a vibrant, fruity-yet-dry full body and an everlasting, pepper bread, date, sour cherry, earth, and elegant spice driven finish. A incredibly complex and flavorful Belgian ale. Amazing!
Lustrous copper orange color with a manila mousse. Attractive aromas of apricot pastry, exotic peppercorns, pine, and grapefruit chutney with a supple, fruity full body and a long, chewy pine resin, grilled kumquat, nut brittle, vanilla, and rapini finish. A delicious, textbook example of a West Coast, hop-driven barleywine.
Slightly hazy golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of salty baguette, gruyere omelet, and lemon spritzed green apples with tart, frothy medium-full body and a long, mouthwatering apple cider vinaigrette on endive and kumquat finish. A great food beer with laser-like acidity.
Opaque garnet violet color with a rosy rim of froth. Rich pure raspberry aromas and flavors with a tangy, fruity full body and a long mouthwatering citrus accented finish. A sensationally vibrant and pure fruit beer that is sure to please. Begs another sip.
Deep scarlet mahogany color. Aromas of toasted raspberry pastry and oily roasted nuts with a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a suede, Meyer lemon, and grassy earth accented finish. Fantastically flavorful.
Deep mahogany red color. Rich aromas of dried cherry and baklava with a supple, fruity medium-full body and a lush, layered finish with honey, cherry compote, delicate spices, and tangy citrus like acidity. A fabulous world-class fruit beer.
Hypnotic reddish mahogany color. Rich aromas of toasted banana-raisin muffin and spicy vanilla custard with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, elegant finish with notes of caramelized nuts and dried fruits, peppery spice, and earth. A fantastic flavor ride and an archetype of the style.
Cloudy sunset orange color with a fine blanket of eggshell white foam. Attractive aromas of orange marmalade on multigrain bread and peach soufflé with a supple, fruity medium-full body and a long, rich, tightly knit fabric of herbs, peppery spices, honey, fruits, minerals, and radishes on the finish. An amazing tripel that sets the benchmark for the style.
Deep golden amber color. Spicy apple sauce aroma with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, and pure honeyed apple and fresh apple cider finish. A delicious and pure cider that is sure to please, especially with desserts.
Clear golden yellow color. Aromas of crushed coriander, lemon cake, orange peel, and tangerine with a tart, finely carbonated, light-to-medium body and a very long salt water taffy, lemon peel, root vegetables, and black pepper finish. A wonderful benchmark of the style that is sure to please at the table.
Opaque dark brown black color. Rich, inviting aromas and flavors of cappuccino gelato and toffee with a silky, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, elegant, medium-long finish manifesting notes of artisanal mocha, nuts, and watercress. A fantastically flavorful and balanced coffee stout that gets it just right.
Black brown color. Complex aromas of chocolate mousse, spiced figs and dates, and walnut pastry with a silky, foamy dryish medium-to-full body and a crisp, balanced roasted nut and grassy green hop finish. Elegantly styled and very drinkable. Very impressive.
Copper color. Aromas of spice cake, candied dried fruits, and herbal honey with a chewy, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tingling, charming, medium-long chocolate berries and nuts, coriander and pink pepper, and pomegranate chutney finish. A complex wine-like ale with lots of spicy flavor and aging potential.
 Certified Organic 
Dark brown black color. Bold piney hops, molasses, chocolate orange, and pumpernickel toast aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, spicy, dried fruit, mocha, pepper, and dusty root vegetable finish. Artfully crafted and balanced; a benchmark for this new style.
Deep reddish brown color. Effusively dizzying aromas and flavors of dried sour cherry, Meyer lemon vinaigrette on mesclun greens, dark raisin bread and cocoa with an intensely mouthwatering dry-yet fruity full body and a long, complex, vinous finish. A sensational sour beer.
Hazy amber color. Aromas of creme brulee, fruit preserves, and rich brown spices with a tangy, chewy full body and a long, lush apricot custard and spicy apple-pie driven finish with layers of grass, citrus pith and piney hops underneath. Very rich and very delicious.
Rich hazy amber color with a fine blanket of bone foam. Beguiling sweet and sour aromas suggest sourdough, apple cider, leather, barnyard wood, clay, and spiced pears with a rich, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long well meshed finish of nuts, grains, dried fruits, peppery spice and minerals. A fantastic example of a brett-influenced, but not dominated, Belgian pale ale. Relish with charcuterie.
Beautiful blood red bronze color. Intriguing aromas of lightly smoky bacon bits, herb butter on nut toast, and omelet with a plush fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a complex tangy, peach creme brulee, citrus marmalade on dark rye, root beer float, chocolate smoked nuts, and grassy hops. A flavor dynamo that will be awesome with bbq and chili.
Opaque brown black color. Rich aromas and flavors of vanilla caramel cake, chocolate covered mangos and bananas, and rum raisins with a velvety, tangy, finely carbonated, fruity full body and a warming, colossal, endless finish with shades of herb toast, peppercorns, radish, and nuts. A fantastically flavorful and balanced barrel aged imperial stout that will be a superb, dangerously drinkable winter warmer.
Hazy medium amber color. Complex aromas and flavors of sour cherries, cinnamon, horse blanket, and candied ginger with a lively, dryish medium body and a very complex, long finish with overtones of dark cacao nibs and dried citrus. An amazingly complex and vibrant sour ale that is a benchmark for others in the category.
Clear reddish mahogany color. Lively, inviting, complex aromas of sherry, toasted fig bread, sautéed almonds, and pepper with a bright, moderately sweet full body and a peppery, very long caramelized oranges, soy, and sweet and peppery spices finish. A superb, high alcohol after dinner beer that is very reminiscent of a Palo Cortado Sherry.
Golden yellow color. Bold, earthy, yeasty aromas and flavors of exotic apples, apple cider vinegar, sourdough peach bread, and sour cream frosting with a silky, racy, effervescent, sweet-and-sour medium-full body and a tingling, very complex, very long finish revealing overtones of apple skin, earth, and Meyer lemon. An amazingly rich, complex, and earthy cider with incredible schrub-like vibrancy.
Bright amber color. Herbal, peppery aromas and flavors of grilled citrus, roasted root vegetables, herb muffin, and honeycomb with a satiny, tangy, frothy, fruity medium-full body and an astringent, complex, long finish with notes of grapefruit marmalade on toast, mango sorbet, pepper, and pine. A rich and delicious IPA with great fresh citrus flavor.
Dark brown color. Bright, attractive aromas and flavors of chocolate cherry bon bons, chestnut brittle, brown sugar, and sarsaparilla candy with a supple, tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long finish that shows impressions of salty roasted nuts, vanilla salt, grassy earth, and peppery radish. An exceptionally zesty, well balanced and attractive imperial porter.
Hazy bronze color. Intense and dense aromas and citrusy and piney hops on a bed of glazed fruitcake with a chewy, syrupy fruity-yet-dry full body and a lush, astringent, caramelized nut, exotic peppercorn, candied citrus peel an grassy hop accented finish. A intense, almost delirious, hophead happy hunting ground in a glass.
Inky motor oil black brown color. Rich aromas or cacao nibs, vanilla pod, chili peppers and gingerbread and brown spices with a plush fruity full body and a chocolate creme brulee, Mexican coffee, and spiced nut finish. Dangerously delicious; will pair well with pork.
Hazy golden straw color. Startling aromas of salami sandwich with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a savory, complex finish with layers of salty baguette, spice, herb, grassy. Amazing and unique. An incredible food beer.
Copper color. Aromas of chestnuts, toffee, and black raspberry tart with a slightly chewy, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a silky, complex, long chocolate tangerine peels and oak finish. A superbly balanced and flavorful oak-aged ale.
Brilliant amber color. Rich aromas of apricot and grapefruit jams, baguette, and pine needle with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long, lush, grilled turnip, peppery arugula, and honeyed grapefruit hop flourish. Wonderfully rich and balanced.
Deep amber color. Rich aromas of grapefruit-apricot-coconut chutney on pound cake with a vibrant fruity-yet-dry full body and a big, but surprisingly balanced flourish of citrusy, piney hops and mango custard on the long chewy finish. A great example of the OTT imperial IPA style.
Cloudy bronze color. Lively, dense aromas and flavors of praline, roasted tropical fruits, chestnut honey, and creme brulee with a velvety, tangy, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a warming, very complex, very long finish displaying impressions of pepper jelly, brandied cherries and peaches, cedar, and minerals with light oak. An amazingly flavorful, complex , and balanced barrel aged beer.
Opaque black brown color. Rich aromas of spicy poached peach, strawberry, and pear, rich chocolate, teriyaki, and espresso with a satiny, chewy, fruity full body and a long, creamy mocha, creme brulee, fruit, spice, and peppered greens finish that continues to evolve. Utterly delicious, complex,and super rich.
Dark black brown color with a tan saffron rim and cast. Bright peppery spice and greens, dark chocolate and dried fruits with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, seamless but astringent coffee, cocoa, apricot, chestnut, and peppery rapini-like finish. Rich, delicious, and stylish. Impressive!
Minutely hazy golden yellow color. Delicate, inviting aromas of orange soufflé, salty baguette, and yams with an even, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, subtle, medium-long orange gelato, delicate spices, and watercress finish. A fantastic rich and delicious meal or dessert in a glass.
 Certified Organic 
Deep amber color. Bold aromas and flavors of caramelized pineapples and peaches, and grapefruit marmalade on cheese pepper bread with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, warming, mixed peppercorn, spiced tea, pine needle, mint jelly, and peppery arugula finish. Deliciously decadent.
 Certified Organic 
Deep amber bronze color. Bright aromas and flavors of toasted rye fruit bread, apple-peach yogurt, chestnut toffee, and mocha with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a warming, epic, very long finish with suggestions of peppercorns, arugula, honeyed dried fruit, and custard. A remarkable and very faithful English-style barleywine with vibrant, fruity hops.
Dark reddish mahogany color. Bold aromas of smoked nuts and hams and grilled stone fruit and beets with chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tangy, roasted citrus, baked chocolate, radicchio, and peppercorn finish. Nice balance, vibrancy, and length of smokiness. Pair with Reubens and split pea soup.
Dark brown color. Bold aromas of fig, dried apricot, and date breads, chocolate creme brulee, and vanilla nut brittle with a satiny fruit-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, jazzy finish with notes of spiced cherries,and guava, pickled melon, grapefruit marmalade and pepper. A wild flavor ride.
Dark brown color. Lively aromas and flavors of chocolate toffee, caramelized fruits, and chestnuts with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, stimulating, long finish with suggestions of mocha gelato, honeyed orange peels, bitter greens, and creamy vanilla. A delicious and finely balanced Baltic porter that is a benchmark of the style.
Opaque dark brown black color. Rich aromas and flavors of dark chocolate citrus peels, butter roasted nuts, mushroom consommé, and cracked pepper with a creamy, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, intricate, long finish with accents of chocolate espresso beans, dark rye toast, and tamari. A fantastically savory, umami driven Russian Imperial stout.
Bronze brown color. Attractive aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts, salted caramel, and candied fruit with a satiny, tangy, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, captivating, very long finish evoking suggestions of roasted sweet potatoes, arugula, peppery spices, and sassafras. A delicious, balanced, and appetizing Scotch ale that is sure to please.
Dusty brown black color. Bold, attractive aromas of chocolate nut brownies and mocha latte with a glycerous, crisp, finely carbonated, off-dry medium-full body and a warming, subtle, long roasted hazelnuts, dark chocolate mousse, and radish sprouts finish. A rich and delicious chocolate nut porter.
Gold color. Aromas of caramelized fruits and nuts, spice cake, and white blossoms with a satiny, lively, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, elegant, long buttered toast and pepper finish. A fabulously rich and complex wit beer.
Gold color. Aromas of pumpkin pie and carrot cake with a round, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a complex, long fresh bread and pepper finish. A great spicy, pumpkin style beer.
Minutely hazy brown color. Bright, buttery aromas of fruitcake, spiced praline, creme brulee, and oak with a silky, tangy, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a warming, complex, medium-length caramelized citrus, chocolate mint, pepper, and watercress finish. A rich, inviting dessert in a glass.
Fully hazy golden nickel color. Rich, elegant aromas soufflé, fresh brioche, and delicate peppery spices with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a long, kiwi, starfruit and grassy earth finish. A superb choice for the table and a wonderful example of the style.
Pure copper color. Layered aromas of fresh baguette, toasted nuts, and earth follow through on the dryish, frothy medium-to-full body. The finish is long and perfectly balanced with a seamless marriage of nutty bready malt and noble hops. A fantastic maibock.
Dark brown color. Complex spicy aromas and flavors of coriander, mace, cinnamon, pink peppercorn, turmeric, cocoa and peach-date bread with a rich, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, chocolate toffee, radish, mocha, and heather accented finish. Amazing complexity and integration of flavors.
Brilliant old gold color. Rich green apple, golden raisin pound cake and nougat aromas and flavors with a fruity, tangy medium-full body and a long, mouthwatering Meyer lemon and tangerine accented finish. Absolutely delicious.
Black brown color. Rich chocolate covered dried orange and apricot aromas with a satiny dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long, dark chocolate covered espresso bean finish. Very fruity and spicy on the finish. Wonderful.
Hazy mahogany color. Bright, complex aromas of dark berry shrub, mesclun greens, rhubarb yogurt, and marinated meat with a glycerous, tangy, effervescent, sweet-and-sour light-to-medium body and a tingling, subtle, medium-length wafers, pomegranate soufflé, blood orange, and nuts finish. A mouthwatering sour beer with fine balance.
Mahogany brown color. Rich aromas of cacao nibs, praline, and fruit compote with a chewy, fruity full-body and a long cornucopia of fruits, nuts, grainy pasty, and peppery hops. A spectacular and super balanced barleywine; try with chocolate desserts.
Mahogany brown color. Mild aromas of lemongrass, lime leaf, mint, pepper and cocoa with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, zesty citrus, dried peach, spiced nut, mineral and pink pepper finish. Distinctively limey and delicious.
Dark brown color. Aromas and flavors of honeyed cherries, nut brittle, and toasted grain with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, rich, chocolate, spice, greens, and beet root accented finish. A robust and exquisitely balanced imperial stout with a great earthy grain foundation and flourish of fruit.
Deep amber copper color. Fruity Brach's caramel aromas suggest pineapple, coconut, mango gelatos and old school cannabis with a satiny, medium-full body and a tangy, roasted sweet potato, honey yogurt, kale and kumquat marmalade finish. Rich, well balanced and sensationally drinkable.
Hazy brown copper color. Mild aromas of cocoa, molasses, sherry, and sautéed nut with a supple dryish medium-to-full body and a chewy chocolate candy bar and peppery hop finish.
Intriguing aromas of dried apricots, grapefruit zest, lemongrass, and oregano scream hop kiln with a supple, dryish medium-full body and a wonderfully astringent barky hop finish. Malt is the shy, but supportive partner in this hop dance.
Deep copper color. Fruity banana custard and spicy apple tart and clay aromas with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a plush, savory citrus-fig chutney, nougat, and a peppery, grassy finish. Delicious captivating flavors.
Hazy golden color. Sourish citrus, peach marmalade, and funky cheese aromas with a tangy, supple, and fruity medium-to-full body and a complex cornucopia of spicy, mushroom tart, tart nectarine, lime, and cheese notes on the long finish. A fantastic combination of spicy wit, bretty lambic, and umami tones that is super approachable and will be sensational with food.
Brilliant clear light gold color. Bold, sour, earthy aromas of white balsamic vinaigrette, sourdough nut bread, reduced lemon, and stinky cheese rind and horse hair brush with a silky, puckering, spritzy, sour light-to-medium body and a tingling, long Swiss chard, citrus pith, and sour green apple finish. A racy, palate awakening lambic that will excel at the table.
Nickel pink color. Aromas and flavors of green apples, raspberries, passionfruit, cream, and rubber sap with a silky, lightly effervescent fruity medium body and a tangy sour cherry and earth accented finish. A charming, very different cider that drinks like a rosé Vinho Verde wine.
Dark brown color. Rich, creamy aromas of warm chocolate pudding and toasted banana nut bread with a soft, bright, bubbly, sweet medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long nuts, arugula, lemon pepper, and clay finish. A rock solid brown ale with a charmingly restrained British disposition.
Old gold color. Elegant aromas of honeyed raisin roast and delicate herbs with a very crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a wonderfully balanced and astringent peppered lettuce and delicate citrus finish. A delicious, precise Dortmunder.
Dark mahogany color. Aromas of roasted nuts, brown butter, chocolate cherries, soy, dried lemon, and Fino sherry with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body no carbonation and a long, mouthwatering, raisin paste, almond skin, cedar, and lemon pepper finish. Stretches the notion of beer into a spirit realm. Try with desserts or in adventurous cocktails.
Black with a saffron lace. Bold aromas of roasted coffee beans and charred green and chili peppers with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long chocolate peanut candy bar and fancy espresso finish. Lavishly flavorful and balanced with great subtlety too. Try as a beertail with Islay Scotch too.
Hazy bright copper color. Dense aromas and flavors of caramelized fruits and nuts, creme brulee, and spiced cherries with a chewy, tangy, finely carbonated, fruity full body and a peppery, nuanced, long finish with suggestions of peppery spices, arugula, honeyed citrus, and minerals. A bold, boozy, and delicious barleywine with a healthy dose of hops and warming alcohol.
Clear copper color. Aromas of lemon rind, grilled pineapple, pine, and pickling spices with a dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, medium-long bitter chocolate, toasted rye bread, caramelized citrus, and grapefruit pith finish. A balanced, barrel-aged strong ale for hopheads.
Clear golden amber color. Mild, nutty aromas of toasted nut bread and chocolate orange peel with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length lightly salted and peppered nuts, arugula, and mocha finish. A spot on amber ale with clean, refreshing flavor.
Clear reddish mahogany color. Lively, complex aromas of caramelized fruits, brown sugar, apple vinaigrette, and prune with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, moderately sweet full body and a peppery, very long toffee and orange pepper finish. A rich, nicely balanced strong beer for contemplative sipping.
Light silvery straw color. Bold, earthy aromas and flavors of leafy fallen apples, apple cider vinaigrette on mesclun, roasted brazil nuts, and sour cream with a supple, tart, effervescent, sourish medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, long finish with accents of lemon zest and minerals with light oak. A dry, vibrantly earthy and mouthwatering cider with great acidity.
Amber color. Complex aromas and flavors of grilled grapefruits and stones fruits, cannabis, herb bread, and pepper with a supple, tangy, fruity medium-full body and a bitter, complex, long finish that exhibits nuances of caramelized parsnips, bitter greens, and pine. A full throttle, yet balanced and intense IIPA for hopheads.
Dark mahogany brown color. Delicate aromas and flavors of chocolate cherry and roasted chestnut with a velvety, lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish imparting notes of roasted grain, edamame, honeyed dried fruits, and pepper muffin. A rich and delicious doppelbock that is sure to please.
Bright gold color. Bright aromas and flavors of cheese omelet, buttered toast, and mandarin orange with a supple, lively, frothy, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long finish displaying accents of salted roasted nuts, greens, and honey. A sensationally delicious and deeply flavorful lager, impressive!
Opaque brown black color. Bold aromas and flavors of chocolate coconut, salt water taffy, and nougat with a chewy, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, involved, long finish with accents of tamari on nori, grilled citrus, and burnt sugar. A fantastically vibrant Imperial stout with a great hop cloak.
Dark brown black color. Rich aromas and flavors of roasted nuts, grilled citrus, artisan chocolate, and rum raisin bread pudding with a silky, tangy, fruity full body and a warming, interesting, very long finish evoking impressions of chocolate espresso beans, nougat, dried fruit, and pepper. A robust, delicious imperial stout.
Opaque dark brown black color. Smoky aromas and flavors of charred nuts, campfire embers, and smoked meats with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, dryish medium-to-full body and a complex, medium-long finish with impressions of dried fruits, molasses, smoked peppercorns, and grilled romaine. A robust yet very nuanced and well balanced smoked porter.
Bright pale amber color. Lively, yeasty aromas of lemon soufflé, cream pasty, and pink pepper with a soft, lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a tingling, subtle, medium-long grilled root vegetables, honey roasted stone fruit, pepper, and orange blossom water finish. An excellent combination of citrusy, peppery hops and fruity malt.
Brilliant mahogany color. Bright, fruity, complex savory aromas of chocolate covered figs, soy rice cake, and buttery mashed potatoes with a soft, spritzy, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, intricate, medium-long candied orange and peach, roasted chestnuts, herb-mint muffin, and chicory coffee finish. A robust palate of well integrated mature flavors.
Cloudy mahogany color. Delicate, complex, exotic aromas of single village chocolate, fruit cake, root beer float, and soy with a glycerous, soft, spritzy, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a peppery, elegant, medium-long watercress, caramelized carrot, and mossy earth finish. A a very interesting and contemplative sipper.
Hazy mahogany color. Interesting aromas of frozen banana, chocolate caramel candy, and buttercream with a chewy, lively, effervescent, sour medium-full body and a peppery, medium-length watercress, caramel ice cream, and tres leche cake finish. A fun and flavorful, very rich Belgian ale.
Brilliant clear yellow straw color. Rich, hoppy, tropical herbal aromas of lemon basil and oregano, dried mango and papaya, cinnamon spice cake, and spruce with a satiny, lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a tingling, layered, long lemon herb muffin, orange pepper, and sautéed garlic greens finish. A very snappy and spicy wit beer that is sure to please.
Amber color. Aromas of roasted nuts and dark caramel with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tingling, elegant, dried fruits, fig bread, and lemon pepper finish. A rich, malty British styled Imperial IPA, is such a thing exists and it apparently does now.
Bright clear brilliant bronze color. Delicate, herbal, grainy aromas of praline and dark toast with a supple, crisp, spritzy, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length peppered nuts and grains, arugula, and cocoa powder finish. A very nice dry English brown ale.
Cloudy sunburst color. Bright aromas of roasted root vegetables, caramelized nuts, and pretzel bread with a glycerous, soft, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a warming, compelling, medium-length fruit compote on toast, chocolate, and earth finish. An elegantly balanced and flavorful ale.
Dark mahogany brown color. Aromas and flavors of honeyed dried cherries and chocolate nougat bar with a supple, fruity medium-full body and a long, chewy, pepper bread and melon nuanced finish. Great flavor and balance that is sure to please.
Hazy old gold color. Bold aromas of lemongrass buttercream, coriander, and exotic spices with zesty, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a creamy citrus custard, radish and pepper bread finish. A powerful and flavorful wit. Pair with mussels or Indian food.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of molasses, dark caramelized nuts, and fruity balsamic with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a chewy, toasted nut pastry, dried citrus, and chocolate mousse finish. Rich and satisfying.
Reddish mahogany color. Aromas of honey, cherry vinaigrette on greens, and chocolate graham crackers with a supple, fruity medium-full body and a long, raisin bread, pepper, and kale driven finish. A great umami-accented beer for the table, especially savory meat or mushroom dishes.
Brilliant neon red oak color. Bright, fruity aromas of dried sour cherry, honeyed sourdough, mustard greens, and barnyard with a supple, tart, fizzy, moderately sweet medium body and a sleek, medium-long marinated beets and cranberries, red wine vinaigrette on artichoke hearts and mesclun, nuts, and cedar finish. A nicely nuanced, very dry and savory sour cherry lambic; will appeal to wine drinkers.
Gold color. Aromas of orange spice cake, coriander, and soufflé with a round, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, complex, medium-long tropical fruit salad and creamy bread pudding finish. A vivacious, spicy wit with great balance and finesse.
Deep brown black color. Rich hoppy aromas of chocolate, fruit cake, hemp and baking spices are very attractive with a savor vegetable, chocolate latte and sweet baking spice driven finish.
Golden color. Smoked nut, peach cider and vinaigrette, pickled pepper, and sourdough toast aromas and flavors with a supple, chewy medium-to-full body and a toasty omelet, lemon curd, and peppery herbal hop snap on the crisp finish. A great food beer with lots of dimensions.
Minutely hazy light emerald straw color. Bright, funky, yeasty vinous aromas of lemon sourdough toast, peach vinaigrette, and barnyard hay with a soft, tart, finely carbonated, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-long candied lemon peel and green apple finish. A highly drinkable Berliner Weisse with a pleasing level of sourness and attractive toastiness.
Dark red oak color. Bright, earthy aromas of barnyard, sour cherry vinaigrette, barnyard, and chicken fat with a supple, sharp, effervescent, sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, intricate, long pomegranate, reduced lemon, spicy marinated beets, and nutshell finish. A bold, super savory and refreshing lambic that will be amazing at the table.
Rich, pure aromas and flavors of dark chocolate covered fruits and nuts with a satiny fruity medium body and a lingering tangy, Brazil nut, pipe tobacco, pepper, Thai iced coffee, and sweet spice finish. A well-made, flavorful imperial stout that is remarkably smooth and easy drinking.
Brilliant pale golden color. Lovely aromas and flavors of whipped cream, honey, and spicy marmalade on brioche with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, creamy finish with a hint of water chestnut and grassy hops on the finish. A spot-on cream ale. Superb
Deep old gold color. Aromas and flavors of peach and banana soufflés, fresh baguette, and nougat with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a seamless citrus, grassy, nut and earth driven finish. A sensational pure and stylish Octoberfest beer.
Copper color. Aromas of bread pudding, caramelized nuts, and berry scone with a round, bright, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long roasted nuts, herbs, pepper bread, and honeyed blackberries finish. A vibrant oak aged ale with rich and inviting aromas and flavors.
Rich dark amber color with a high white head. Aromas of caramelized dried fruit, soufflé, and thyme honeycomb with a racy fruity medium-full body and a lively peppery, radish and mineral finish. A dazzling food beer.
 Certified Organic 
Hazy old gold color. Aromas of banana muffin, peppery spices, meringue, and clay with a crisp, plush, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an apple, baking spice, and radish accented finish. Classically styled, vibrant and delicious.
 Certified Organic 
Cloudy pale copper color. Aromas and flavors of honeyed zucchini bread, banana gelato, and spicy pound cake with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and long, seamless jicama and microgreens accented finish. Fantastically flavorful and balanced.
Copper mahogany color with a manilla mousse. Intricate aromas of chocolate, mint, curry spices, rubber sap, ginger, and cola with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smoked meat, pepper, grilled citrus, brown sugar, and spice accented finish. Tasty, multilayered and spot on for the style.
Hazy golden yellow color. Floral aromas of peony, lychee custard, and toasted herb-spice bread with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long medley of honeyed honeyed orange, nuts, and edible flowers. Impressive in range and depth of flavor; a sipping saison.
Cloudy golden amber color. Mild egg white omelet, stone fruit, and peppery spice aromas with a supple, frothy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a juicy apple cider, radish, lettuce, and wheatgrass-like hop finish. Very elegantly styled and refreshing.
Deep reddish bronze color. Complex aromas of toasty fruit cake, molasses and spicy praline with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, dense spice, caramelized apple and citrus, field greens, and lightly smoky mineral finish. Excellent dimension and style.
Murky copper brown color with no head. Mild yeasty dough, clay, leather, honeyed nuts, and dried berry aromas with a tart, dryish medium-to-full body and a very penetrating apple cider vinegar and kale finish. A great food beer.
Deep copper color. Aromas of grapefruit buttercream, dried peach, blossoms, and toffee with a crisp, chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, buttery fruit cake, grapefruit zest, brown sugar, and pine finish. A serious, well hopped and age worthy barleywine that will improve with time.
Dark brown black color. Sweet dried fruit and toffee aromas and a lively dry-yet-fruity medium body with chocolate covered citrus and caramel notes on the long, poised finish. A great fruity stout.
Dense aromas of bourbon barrel, vanilla and caramel with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a boozy yet balanced cola, dried apple, and spicy rum cake finish. An engaging, after-dinner beer for whisky fans.
Beautiful russet copper color. Inviting aromas of chocolate and caramel on graham crackers with a supple, chewy dry-yet-fruity medium body and chocolate covered raisin and nuts chiming in on the elegantly poised, earthy root vegetable accented finish. Very impressive and very sessionable, despite the size.
Dark brown color. Aromas of dried sour cherry, honeycomb, and buttery roasted nuts with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, stone fruit, tonka bean, latte, milled grain, and clay finish. Great flavor and style.
Deep amber color. Well meshed aromas of herbal European hops and bready malt with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, symphonic finish with a layers of dried fruits, nuts and delicate peppery, leafy hops. A paradigm of the style.
Deep reddish brown color. Aromas of roasted nut and grain and chocolate soufflé with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, tangy, toast and sprout finish. Delicious and super drinkable.
Lively aromas of dried stone fruits and cherries, pistachio nougat, sassafras and delicate spices with a satiny fruity medium-full body and a tropical fruit tart, nut pastry, molasses and grassy, peppery spice finish. A complex, flavorful treat that is a dead ringer for a real Belgian dubbel ale.
Brilliant dark brown color. Lively, complex, minty spicy aromas of spice cake, alpine mint lozenge, pink peppercorns, and floral honey with an oily, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a peppery, medium-long spiced fruits, sassafras, cherry cola, and caramelized yams finish. A fantastically rich, flavorful and complex Belgian style ale for all occasions.
Golden amber color. Wonderfully spicy bread pudding and creme brulee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body with cocoa, marmalade, and peppery spices on the long, seamless grain, grassy earth, pepper and fennel-like hop finish. A great US saison.
Pretty golden amber color. Aromas of pepper bread with dried stone fruits and tangerine. Supple and frothy with a dryish medium body and a salty baguette, citrus cream, and pine sap accented finish. A hoppy, zesty pale ale that will be great with spicy foods; try with chili.
Deep amber color. Aromas of caramelized citrus and nuts and pine with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, well-balanced finish with notes of honeyed dried fruits, pepper, and radish. A delicious and expertly crafted double IPA.
Minutely hazy old gold color. Delicate, dank, toasty aromas of peach bread, roasted corn and nuts, and pine with a supple, crisp, petillant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-length caramelized pineapple, orange pepper, radish sprouts, and pepper finish. A big, warming Belgian IPA with a nice balance of fruity malt and peppery hops.
Dark brown color. Bold toasted coconut and chocolate peanut butter cup aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a grilled nut toast, mocha, and root vegetable accented finish with mild earthy hops. Great, really drinkable coconut flavor.
Very dark brown color. Aromas and flavors of pina colada lifesaver, caramel, and cherry cola with a frothy and fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, roasted corn, fruit cake, and peppery radish like hop finish. A nicely balanced and approachable icebock that will work as a sipper or with hearty stews.
Dark brown black color. Rich aromas of exotic spiced chocolate, nuts, and artfully smoked peat with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, decadent chocolate liqueur, pepper jelly on rye date bread, and grassy hop flourish. A monstrously delicious, lightly smoked Scottish ale that will be sensational with smoky bbq.
Brilliant mahogany color. Bright, complex, toasty fruity aromas of toasted fruit cake, orange-peach marmalade, and roasted nuts with a satiny, vibrant, effervescent, sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-long toffee, creme brulee, and peppered greens finish. A "headphones" beer that requires time to contemplate and appreciate.
Hazy light gold color. Bright, attractive, fruity aromas of banana nut muffin, spiced nuts, and clay with a supple, bright, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, breezy grainy bread, banana custard, tall grass, and minerals finish. A delicious rich and grainy hefe.
Pretty golden amber color. Bright aromas of Indian spice cake, lemon poppyseed muffin, and ginger with a rich, fruity medium-full body and a long, tangy and complex interplay of savory herbs, Asian spices, and earthy green notes. A wonderful beer for sipping or the table.
 Certified Organic 
Copper red color. Aromas of fresh raspberries and cheese turnovers with a supple, dryish medium body and a tart, sour citrus, root vegetable, and Brazil nut finish. A great savory beer with delicate balancing fruitiness. This screams for food.
Golden yellow. Aromas of smoked ham and gouda omelet with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a frothy smoked jerky, nut, morbier cheese, and grilled rapini finish. A brilliantly balanced and savory smoke beer that will be great with food.
Bright amber color. Bright aromas and flavors of green herbs, spinach, and honeyed dried lemon with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-long finish that shows notes of pepper, radish, and date. A zesty and delicious IPA with a balanced European sensibility.
Bright copper color. Delicate aromas and flavors of roasted nuts and grain, dried pear, and honey with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, captivating, medium-length finish with touches of lettuce, radish, minerals, and water chestnut. A pure, dry, grain driven beer.
Brown black color. Rich aromas of chocolate toffee, toasted date bread, and fruity caramel with a velvety, tangy, fruity full body and a mildly astringent, long dark roasted nuts, baking chocolate, caramelized citrus, and arugula finish with moderate oak. A wonderfully balanced barrel aged imperial stout with great depth and vibrancy.
Minutely hazy copper color. Lively, toasty aromas of biscuit, hint of salty caramel corn, and Xmas fruitcake with a silky, soft, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long arugula, pepper, dried citrus, and turnip greens finish. A well made, nicely balanced, rather British-like IPA with a gently rising arc of bitterness on finish.
Old gold color with an ivory lace. Attractive aromas and flavors of white chocolate macadamia cookie, yellow cake batter, and chardonnay grapes with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body a creamy vanilla-maple fudge, white chocolate pretzel, and delicate herb toast finish. Very different, interesting and inescapably delicious.
Dark brown black color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate and coffee creme brulee with a vibrant, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a nice grainy pumpernickel, banana cream pie, radish, and spiced nut accented finish. Very tasty and nicely balanced chocolate and coffee flavors.
Black brown color with a light brown head. Lively and complex aromas of dark and milk chocolates and strawberry shortcake with a satiny, fruity medium-full body and a long, tangy, honeyed grilled citrus, pepper, and dark roasted nut finish. Vibrantly delicious and artfully flavored.
Brown black color with a reddish tan head. Bright aromas of grapefruit, papaya and lime marmalades on grilled rye bread and juniper jelly with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a plush grilled peach, mango and pineapple, pepper and grass accented finish. Lots of gusto and dangerously drinkable.
Rich amber color. Aromas and flavors of tangerine preserves on rye toast with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nicely astringent bitter greens, nut, and pepper finish. Delicious and super sessionable.
Slight hazy amber color. Aromas and flavors of spicy apricot-orange marmalade on honeyed raisin toast with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a refreshingly bitter pepper and rapini-like finish. Very tasty.
Copper orange color, Interesting aromas of orange-pepper bread, peach custard pastry and and sautéed greens with supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a savory and bitter, pretzel bread, grilled citrus and peppered rapini finish. A great food IIPA with rich maltiness; try with spicy curries.
 Certified Organic 
Amber color. Hoppy aromas of grilled grapefruit and orange and fern with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and an astringent sweet wheat cracker and pepper accented finish. Very refreshing and well balanced wheat and hop notes.
Medium-Brown color. Attractive aromas and flavors of pumpkin cheese cake and toasted date pastry with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium body and a warming, delightful, breezy finish with notes of coconut cream, melon rind, and delicate spices. A tasty, well made pumpkin beer.
Medium bronze color. Bold aromas of cannabis, dried grapefruit, and pine sap with a silky, tangy, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, involved, medium-long salty roasted nuts, grilled romaine, and mixed peppercorns finish. A brashly satisfying and savory Belgian IPA with a ton of concentrated American hop flavors for savoring on its own or with food.
Nearly opaque dark brown color. Lively, complex, vinous aromas of reduced lemon, apple vinaigrette, and mesclun with an oily, crisp, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery, medium-long wafer, cocoa-dusted dried fruit, and nutskin finish. A brilliantly balanced and super sessionable Abbey beer.
Bright brilliant deep amber color. Bright, tropical, dank aromas of caramelized mango, peach yogurt, and herbs with a glycerous, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a peppery, engaging, medium-long apricot vinaigrette on greens, pepper, and jicama finish. A big lively, chewy, nicely layered ipa.
Bright clear brilliant deep amber color. Bright, tropical aromas of tropical fruit custard tart, salted caramel, nougat, and peppercorns with a velvety, lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long finish. finish. A superbly fruity and delicious ipa.
Gold color. Lively aromas and flavors of lemon-thyme chutney, lavender, and buttered baguette with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a interesting, medium-long finish that exhibits overtones of peppercorns, arugula, and toasted nuts. A fantastic, flavor packed pilsner for all occasions.
Hazy golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of toasted fruit cake and pineapple-banana custard with a silky, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and an astringent, delightful, long finish with shades of pepper, rye toast, and grapefruit rind. A delicious, balanced, hoppy lager.
Gold color. Mild, inviting aromas and flavors of lemon marmalade on scone, honeycomb, and crystallized ginger with a silky, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a medium-length finish with notes of toasted grain, hay, nut brittle, and honeydew melon. A superbly flavorful and balanced helles.
Opaque black color. Rich, attractive aromas and flavors of roasted chestnut brittle, dark chocolate, and spiced figs with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, medium-length finish with notes of mocha latte, mesclun, and earth. An attractive, balanced, and very sessionable black beer.
Opaque brown black color. Herbal, toasty aromas and flavors of herb rub, roasted nuts, mango creme brulee, and lemon pepper with a chewy, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish full body and a bitter, intricate, very long finish with notes of dark chocolate, coffee, and radish. A powerful and nuanced Russian imperial stout.
Brown black color. Lively aromas and flavors of mocha, dried fruits, and dark pastries with a velvety, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity full body and a tingling, intricate, medium-long finish revealing notes of chocolate mousse, roasted nuts, pepper, and herbal honey. A fantastically rich and balanced chocolate stout treat.
Brown black color. Bright, complex aromas and flavors of chocolate covered pomegranates, orange marmalade on raisin toast, chocolate mint cookie, and cedar with a silky, lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a warming, elegant, long finish with accents of chocolate orange peels, pink pepper, and delicate spice with light oak. A rich and delicious flavored porter.
Clear amber color. Bright, attractive, fruity herbal aromas of honeyed apricot pineapple pastry, creme brulee, and peppery spices with a lean, vibrant, effervescent, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, charming, medium-long mango salsa, pink pepper, arugula, and orange brandy finish. A muscular IPA with wonderful vibrancy and fruitiness.
Clear copper color. Lively, earthy, fruity aromas of creme brulee, candied mango, and pine sap with a silky, lively, finely carbonated, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, refreshing, medium-long caramelized pineapples and carrots, pepper bread, radish sprouts, and salted nuts finish. A great savory beer for the table.
Brilliant amber color. Delicate, fruity aromas of peach butter on toast and caramelized fruit with a supple, crisp, fizzy, dryish medium body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-long pepper cracker, dried apricot, and radicchio finish. A vivaciously fruity and appetizing IPA that nails English style balance.
Minutely hazy mahogany color. Bright, floral, fruity malty sweet aromas of root beer float, nougat, and clay with a glycerous, lively, effervescent, fruity sweet medium body and a peppery, involved, medium-long sassafras, watercress, lemon pepper, and ginger finish. A superbly balanced and harmonious old ale.
Bright copper color. Delicate, attractive aromas of chocolate custard, honeyed grapefruit, and raisin toast with a silky, vibrant, finely carbonated, off-dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, nuanced, long apricot marmalade, peppery greens, and spiced nuts finish. Superb integration and length of rich hop and malt flavors.
Bright clear light gold color. Lively, attractive, fruity floral aromas of blueberry cobbler, orange blossom honey on toast, and tropical blossoms with a supple, crisp, spritzy, fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long blueberry pancakes, nuts, and mesclun finish. A pure, wonderfully balanced and effortlessly drinkable fruit flavored beer.
Opaque dark brown color. Lively, toasty, roasted nutty boozy aromas of baking chocolate, roasted nuts, fig pumpernickel toast, and soy with a velvety, bright, finely carbonated, very sweet medium-to-full body and a peppery, intricate, long rich dark coffee, creme brulee, pepper, and cedar finish. A surprisingly youthful and flavor packed imperial stout that shows great, subtle barrel character; try with cigars.
Cloudy golden yellow color. Attractive aromas of peach and pineapple custard tarts, buttercream, herb bread, nougat and clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy honeyed melon, mango, papaya yogurt and peppercorn finish. Exotically delicious.
Minutely hazy gold color. Bright, inviting aromas of pineapple soufflé, toasted baguette, corn pudding, and orange pepper with a soft, bright, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a tingling, charming, snappy stone fruit compote, watercress, and delicate peppery spices finish. A delicious and complex Belgian style ale that screams for rich foods.
Deep garnet color with a fuchsia lace. Aromas of sour cherry soufflé, yeasty bread, sour cream, and hay with a supple, very tart medium-to-full body and a long,pomegranate, passionfruit vinaigrette, bamboo shoot, and earth accented finish. Excellent poise and style.
Lightly hazy copper color. Aromas of buttery toasted baguette with a very crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, lingering citrusy and peppery hop finish. A bold and vibrant hoppy doppelbock for hopheads.
Luminous mahogany color with a fine mousse. Aromas of cracked pepper, caramelized stone fruits, and multigrain bread dough with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a gently warming, honeyed cranberry toast and mineral accented finish. A nice, mellow fireside sipper.
Brilliant amber color. Aromas of citrus marmalade, honey, roasted nuts and grain, and toasted herb muffin with a foamy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a rounded, wet stone, onion sprout, fruitcake, and white pepper finish. Lots of herbal complexity make this a distinctive, very food friendly IPA.
Brown black color with a khaki rim of foam. Aromas of mocha fudge, licorice, soy, and Bananas Foster with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a malted chocolate, salty roasted nut, arugula, and peppery spice finish. A powerfully delicious take on the style.
Dark chestnut brown color. Interesting aromas of fried sweet and sour chicken with pineapple-red pepper sauce, mocha and chocolate chestnuts with a frothy, fruity medium-to-full body and a toasted spicy, grainy pasty, woody incense, and peppery radish sprouts accented finish. Interesting roller coaster of sweet, sour, and earth flavors.
Copper color. Rich aromas and flavors of grapefruit marmalade, mango chutney, and herb bread with a chewy, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an astringent, delightful, medium-long finish that exhibits overtones of pepper, light pine, honey, and tangerine. A delicious and well balanced hop forward IPA.
 Certified Organic 
Copper salmon red color. Vibrant aromas of cassis-raspberry tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, wafer, pepper spice and dried citrus and currant notes on the finish. Elegant and stylish in a serious, drier vein.
Classic toasted baguette and frittata aromas and flavors with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a long, refreshing finish with plenty of toasty malt and grassy hops. A vibrant example of the style.
Dark brown color. Rich dark chocolate profiterole, brownie dough, and toffee aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a nice layers of dried fruits, sprouts, and spice on the finish. Well balanced and very drinkable.
Gold color. Bright aromas and flavors of honeyed toast, fruit pastry, and delicate herbs and spices with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with overtones of cream, greens, and minerals. A delicious malty lager with an evocative Belgian character.
Deep amber copper color. Bright aromas of orange marmalade, pepper, and honey with a rich, chewy medium-to-full body and a long, peppery beet and leafy green hop finish.
Slightly hazy pale amber color. Aromas of bananas, praline, citrus zest, and pretzel bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, lightly spicy banana bread pudding and fleur de sal finish. A delicious and precisely made hefe.
Clear silvery straw color. Bright, interesting, tropical aromas of guava, gherkin, honey, and champagne grape with a soft, lively, effervescent, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long fresh peach danish and lime juice finish. A great melange of rich sourness and fruit on a toasty malt canvas; sauvignon blanc drinkers will like this.
Cloudy golden amber color. Lightly phenolic aromas of grass, banana peel, and singed linen with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a banana pudding, praline, and honey pastry finish. Cleans up very nicely on the body and finish and is ultimately quite tasty.
Minutely hazy mahogany color. Rich, floral aromas of candied citrus and peach, chocolate toffee, herbal bark, and clay with a oily, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, long salted caramel chocolate, nuts, grilled grapefruit, and peppery greens finish. A rambunctiously hoppy barleywine with a fun swagger.
Bronze mahogany color. Bright aromas and flavors of caramelized citrus, cranberry toast, and honeycomb with a vibrant, medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, elegant, medium-long finish that shows nuances of chocolate raisin, golden beet, radicchio, and mocha cream. A superbly sumptuous, malty lager.
Brilliant golden amber color. Aromas of buttered nut pastry, frittata, and citrus marmalade with a frothy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a zesty honeyed citrus, peach, peppery spice, and radish finish. Bold and inviting.
Brown black with a saffron yellow rim. Attractive aromas and flavors of chocolate pudding, dried stone fruit and baklava with a thick, satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, bitter peppery hop and honeydew melon accented finish. A chewy delicious IS.
Hazy golden yellow color. Bright aromas and flavors of roasted corn, herb pepper bread, and grilled citrus and root veggies with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and a breezy finish that shows notes of bamboo shoot, nuts, cream, and herbs. A nicely balanced, very sessionable beer that will shine at the table.
Bright brown color. Lively, toasty, smoky fruity earthy aromas of chocolate fruit peels and mocha latte with a silky, crisp, effervescent, very sweet medium body and a tingling, distinctive, long fig bread, chocolate mousse, pepper, and arugula finish. A nicely balanced and stylish brown ale that is sure to please.
Clear mahogany color. Rich, complex, fruity aromas of mincemeat pie, fruitcake, and floral honey with a soft, crisp, finely carbonated, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long rich baking spices, gingerbread, and radish sprouts finish. A delicious and satisfying ale with a great layer of spice similar to a pumpkin beer.
Very hazy amber orange color. Aromas of toasted lemon and peach danishes and sour cream frosting with a very tart medium-full body and a tangy, gooseberry, passionfruit, sourdough, and radish like finish. A wonderfully zesty and savory Berliner Weisse.
Rich citrusy, floral hop aromas with a crisp, vivacious fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, grilled root vegetable, chocolate mint and honey grilled citrus finish.
Hazy light gold color. Delicate, funky, creamy spicy aromas of tropical fruit custard, peach spice cake, and dried lavender and citrus with a silky, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, captivating, long toast and honey finish. A delicious and complex saison with lots of fruity undertones.
Cloudy chestnut brown color. Aromas of chocolate covered fruit cake and sautéed root vegetables with a rich, satiny fruity medium-full body and a graceful, fruit sauce, chocolate pudding, cola, nut, and kiss of earthy hops finish. An elegant, drinkable barleywine that will work well with food.
Dark brown color. Earthy, somewhat rustic aromas of barnyard, chocolate, vegetable, and citrus bread toast with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a stewed and roasted vegetable, chocolate pudding, cheese rind, and roasted nut driven finish with peppery, citrus rind hops.
Dark brown color. Rich, fruity, sweet aromas of caramelized grapefruit and mango, praline, and chocolate with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a tingling, elegant, long toasted lemon cake, pepper, and spiced nuts finish. A rich and racy black IPA.
Cloudy golden amber color. Rich dried peach, honeydew sorbet and pound cake aromas with a fruity full body and a vibrant, tangy peach and honeyed lemon and lime finish. Delicious and super crowd pleasing.
 Certified Organic 
 Certified Organic 
Copper color. Aromas of melted toffee, toasted berry bread, and chocolate mint with a slightly chewy, tangy, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a complex, long buttery roasted nuts, lemon pepper bread, cranberry gelato, and soy finish. A lively, refreshing, and rich dark ale.
Dark brown black color. Rich, creamy aromas and flavors of chocolate mousse, creme brulee, and root beer float with a velvety, bright, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long finish with nuances of honeyed greens, mocha latte, and sweet cream. A delicious and well balanced barrel aged stout with great drinkability.
Deep amber color. Aromas and flavors of orange-pineapple marmalade on brioche with a creamy, fruity medium-to-full body and a lush, balanced citrus peel and peppered mesclun-like finish. Great style and balance.
Brown black color. Aromas and flavors of melted toffee and toasted fruitcake with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a satiny, savory caramelized nut, pepper, citrus, and watercress finish. Very nice depth and vibrancy.
Opaque inky brown black hue with a beguiling saffron garnet mousse paints the glass. Rich aromas of dark chocolate, dried fruit chutney, and roasted whole nuts with a super chewy almost syrupy fruity full body and a long, citrusy piney hop, bark, and cranberry-peach jam driven finish. Impressive.
Pure copper color. Bright aromas of honeyed citrus, toasted baguette and nuts with a crisp, frothy dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, vibrant hop and a grass accented finish. Delicious and satisfying.
Medium bright copper color. Lively, toasty aromas of raisin toast and chocolate with a lean, vibrant, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length pretzel bread, roasted nuts and coffee, arugula, and pepper finish. A wonderfully balanced and delicious alt with snappy hops.
Brilliant clear light gold color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of orange spice cake and coriander with a silky, vibrant, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length exotic citrus, peppery spices, and starfruit finish. A vivacious and mouthwatering saison that is reminiscent of Dupont and will be great with food.
Hazy golden color. Aromas of peach custard, bubblegum, clove, and brioche with a frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nice spicy coriander, mint, carrot omelet, and pepper snap on the finish. A lively, engaging beer for the table.
Rich copper color. Bold pine, grilled citrus, peach jam, and honeyed nut toast aromas with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a dried apricot, kale, beet, peppery hop, and salty pretzel like finish. Rich and delicious.
Cloudy golden sunrise color. Aromas of dried banana, wafer, and cucumber with a dryish finely carbonated medium-to-full body and refreshing sprouts, Meyer lemon, shredded wheat, moss, and mineral accented finish. A refreshing and precisely made hefe.
Rich old gold color. Bold aromas and flavors of fresh sourdough baguette, salty toasted nuts, and exotic citrus and melon with a crisp, tart medium-to-full body and a green apple, passionfruit, grain, and mineral accented finish. A clean, deliciously zesty lambic for all occasions.
Dark brown color. Aromas of sour dough raisin bread and fig paste with a tart, dry medium-to-full body and a sour green apple, apple cider vinegar, nutskin and lime rind driven finish. A solid sour.
Dark copper mahogany color. Aromas of spice cake, nut brittle, peppery jelly, and delicate herbs with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a bold habanero hot sauce (without the heat), grilled citrus, pine, and kale like finish. Very distinctive and intensely concentrated hop flavors. Will be great with spicy foods.
Pale milky golden silver color. Bright spicy tangerine custard, chamomile and kumquat aromas are very attractive with a rich, plush fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long perfumed stone fruit, mango, toasted nut, coriander, and honeysuckle finish. A sensationally flavorful and dynamic white beer.
Brown black color. Aromas of chocolate, grilled sweet potato, parsnip, and okra with a round, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a pillowy finish with an astringent blanket of piney, citrus hops. A rich, lively food-centric imperial stout.
Dark brown color. Bold chocolate covered cherry aromas and flavors with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, rich coffee, nut toast, and earthy hop accented finish. A superbly crafted porter.
Bright gold color. Inviting, spicy, fruity aromas and flavors of herb-pepper baguette, fruit chutney, spiced nuts, and coriander with a supple, tangy, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, complex, medium-long finish displaying notes of sea salt, arugula, and minerals. A delicious and well balanced saison with great herb and spice notes.
Clear mahogany color. Delicate, malty aromas of chocolate nuts and dark raisin bread with an even, lively, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long pepper, chocolate mousse, fig jam, and greens finish. A delicious and inviting abbey dubbel that is sure to please.
Beautiful golden amber color. Delicate citrus marmalade on scone aromas with a rich, lightly chewy, dryish medium-to-full body and a long, evolving mineral and floral hop kissed finish. A thoroughly delightful beer.
Deep reddish mahogany color. Rich aromas of chocolate covered graham crackers and dried cherries with a frothy fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a crisp, roasted citrus and praline finish. A big, delicious alt.
Dark reddish mahogany brown color. Aromas of dark roasted pumpkins and chestnuts and spicy chutney with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a spicy pumpkin cake, honey, and nut driven finish. A rich and satisfying pumpkin beer.
Bright gold color. Inviting aromas and flavors of toast and cheese soufflé with a supple, crisp, frothy, dryish medium body and a mildly astringent, appealing, medium length finish with notes of dried fruit and peppery spice. A rock solid gluten free beer that tastes like a very nice, regular lager.
Deep amber color. Lovely, yeasty fruit custard pastry, singed citrus, bubblegum, grass, peppercorn and honeyed rye toast aromas with a supple, frothy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, complex finish with waves of arugula, radish, honeyed grapefruit peel, and grass. A great food beer.
Aromas or chocolate caramels, honey roasted carrots, and toasty custard pastry with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, chocolate granola bar and peppery greens accented finish. Great balance and style with superb sessionability.
Brilliant mahogany color. Delicate, toasty aromas of dark raisin toast, fruit compote, and chestnut honey butter with an even, bright, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long roasted corn and caramelized root vegetable finish. A very refreshing and appetizing alt that hits all the right notes.
Bright light copper color. Aromas and flavors of roasted chestnuts and root vegetables, cocoa, and clay with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering, and savory finish with notes of dried citrus and arugula. A delicious, vibrant, and exquisitely balanced Oktoberfest beer that will be great with food or on its own.
Dark brown black color. Dense aromas and flavors of cherry fudge, chocolate creme brulee, coconut macaroon, and floral honey with a satiny, fruity medium-full body and a long, peppery spice, cherry brandy, mocha, and mineral nuanced finish. Big and powerfully delicious.
Dark brown black. Aromas of chocolate nuts and citrus peels, pepper, herbs, and chive jelly with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a crisp, grilled root vegetable, dried ham, and peppered kale finish. Deliciously vibrant and balanced.
Dark brown color. Bold aromas of baker's chocolate, molasses, soy, and fig paste with supple, fruity full body and a long, pomegranate sorbet, apple butter and honey on pumpernickel finish. A rich, fruity barleywine-like with remarkable balance and elegant depth.
Lightly hazy copper color. Spicy gingerbread and carrot cake aromas and flavors with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, pepper bread and savory parsnip and cauliflower puree accented finish. Nicely balanced.
Dark brown black with a tan head. Aromas of baker's chocolate and toasted pumpernickel nut bread with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a bitter, roasted chestnut, grilled pretzel bread and greens, and peppery hop snap on the finish. Nice compacted flavors.
Dark brown black with a reddish tan head. Aromas and flavors of toasty almond toffee and grilled root vegetables with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body a bitter chocolate, herb-pepper bread, and tart citrus peel finish. A great marriage of roasted malt and hops.
Dark mahogany brown color. Dense aromas of chocolate, smoked nuts, apricot jam, and heather peat moss with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a dried pineapple compote, orange spice cake, nut butter, and grilled romaine nuanced finish. Delicious and well composed flavors.
Bright clear gold color. Bold, fruity, herbal dank aromas of oregano, mango chutney, chive bread, and roasted garlic with a satiny, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, appealing, long honeyed sweet potato and grapefruit creme brulee finish. A well made example of the style with unique hop flavors not often seen in IPAs.
Clear golden amber color. Fruity aromas of tropical fruit chutney, grapefruit flan, and light pine with an oily, racy, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a peppery, complex, long peppered greens, dried apricot, roasted root vegetables, and nutskins finish. A powerfully delicious ipa bordering on a double ipa.
Dark bronze color. Aromas and flavors of toasted rye cracker and dark banana bread and roasted pepper with a frothy, dryish medium body and a roasted chestnut, wafer, and radish sprouts finish. A clean, flavorful, and expertly balanced dark wheat ale.
Brilliant light gold color. Delicate, interesting aromas of dried citrus, herbs and lavender, cornichon, and toasted focaccia pepper bread with an oily, lively, effervescent, dry light-to-medium body and a warming, appealing, cheery vanilla soufflé, spiced praline, and kiwi finish. A big, slightly boozy blonde that is sure to please.
Rich reddish copper color. Aromas and flavors of honey on poppy seed cake and berry vinaigrette with a crisp, tart medium body and long, mouthwatering roasted root vegetable and lemon vinaigrette on kale finish. A very appetizing beer.
Deep brown color with a manilla blanket of fine foam. Attractive aromas of roasted peanuts and chocolate and dried banana with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a chocolate mint, mocha, and peppery spice nuanced finish. An appetizing barrel-aged porter with great drinkability.
Cloudy deep amber copper color. Attractive aromas and flavors of caramelized grapefruit and herbal pizza crust with a chewy, tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, distinctive, long finish with accents of grilled tropical fruits, pine sap, creme brulee, and pepper finish with light oak. A powerfully delicious and well balanced barrel accented DIPA.
Lightly hazy ruby color with a blue violet cast. Fruity and savory aromas of blueberry cobbler and blueberry vinaigrette on a spinach salad with a tart, medium body and a balsamic vinegar and fleur de sal driven finish. A savory lambic that will sing with foods; try with an endive salad.
Rich old gold color. Aromas and flavors of honeyed herb toast, praline, and dried mango with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a nice bitter wave of grassy, piney hops on the finish. A superbly crafted, exceptionally drinkable ale that will be sensational with food, especially cheeses and sausages.
Cloudy mahogany color. Attractive aromas and flavors of toffee, toasted fruit tart, creme brulee, and dill with a satiny, vibrant, effervescent, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, subtle, medium-long finish with notes of fruitcake, honeyed citrus, pickling herbs, and chocolate mint. A delicious, decadent fruit driven barleywine with nicely balanced oak tones.
Yellow straw color. Aromas of grapefruit marmalade on scone with a fruity, medium body and a crisp, grapefruit rind and orange sorbet like finish. Very clean, fruity, and tasty.
Rich old gold color. Aromas of raspberry custard danish and apple sorbet with a vibrant, finely carbonated fruity sweet medium-full body and a long, dance of tangy green apple and ripe honeyed raspberries. Outstanding purity and depth of flavor.
Opaquely cloudy golden amber color. Layered aromas of baked apples, spices, herbs, flower patch earth, and almonds with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy mixed citrus sorbet, apple tart, and grassy earth finish. Great complexity and depth of flavor. Scary drinkability.
Copper color. Attractive aromas and flavors of toasted rye fig bread and pineapple-orange custard with a silky, lively, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, complex, long finish with suggestions of roasted nuts, cocoa, lemon pepper, and bitter greens. A delicious, robustly flavorful ESB for all occasions, fantastic!
Minutely hazy amber copper color. Aromas of stewed stone fruits and root vegetables, Mexican chocolate, and pepper herb biscuit with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body a snappy grassy, peppery hops flourish on the finish. Great earthy, herbal vibrancy that will be great will foods.
Copper color. Rich, dimensional aromas of spicy pumpkin and mincemeat pies and fresh whipped cream with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, carrot cake, kale, and peppery spice accented finish. Delicious and sure to please. A thanksgiving beer.
Dark mahogany garnet color. Aromas of honeyed walnuts, mixed peppercorns, mole, flower bed, and Oloroso sherry with a satiny, fruity full body with no carbonation and a long, peppery, boozy, sautéed almond, vanilla bean and whisky barrel kissed finish. An intriguing after dinner offering.
Dark brown with a taupe lace. Aromas and flavors of spice pumpkin pie, milk chocolate nuts, and root beer with a chewy, medium-full body and a long spicy, creamy cappuccino, kiwi, sautéed zucchini, and pepper accented finish. A delicious, zesty "pumpkin beer".
Bright golden yellow color. Lively, spicy aromas and flavors of ginger, buttered baguette, honeyed soufflé, and coriander with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, charming, long finish evoking shades of watercress, nougat, pepper, and minerals. A very tasty Belgian ale with skillful spicing.
Dark black brown color. Aromas of milk chocolate covered grapefruit and tangerine peels, creamy nougat and delicate spices with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long roasted chestnut, pepper bread toast, and grilled citrus finish. Deliciously bold and well balanced malt and NW hop flavors.
Black with a brown cast and tan lace. Densely layered aromas suggest chocolate covered peaches, pecan pie, and brown spices with a supple, fruity-yet-dry full body and a long, bourbon barrel, vanilla, caramelized citrus and yams, and a peppery spice driven finish that goes on and on. Very decadent.
Pale yellow straw color. Aromas of sourdough toast and light fruit jelly with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a honeyed corn, nectarine, and nutskin. A good representation of the style.
Lustrous deep amber orange color. Hoppy aromas of mint green tea, mossy pinecone, honey, and orange custard pastry with a fruity medium-to-full body and a frothy, warming jicama, cayenne on mango, peppercorn, and mustard greens finish. A nicely composed and warming IIPA.
Brilliant gold color. Lively, fruity, herbal floral aromas of lemon and orange marmalades, lavender, and herb muffin with a supple, vibrant, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, delightful, easy buttered lemon scone, rapini, pepper, and vanilla finish. A distinctively floral IPA with a zesty, refreshing profile.
Lustrous copper color. Aromas of caramelized peaches and sourdough raisin toast with a crisp, dryish medium body and a refreshingly balanced, honeyed melon, spiced banana and lettuce accented finish. Very easy going and tasty.
Bright copper color. Rich, complex, boozy aromas of raisin chutney, creme brulee, nougat, and delicate spice with a oily, vibrant, fizzy, moderately sweet medium-full body and a peppery, nuanced, long honeyed apricot, roasted beets, grilled citrus, and pepper finish. A lovely balance of creamy fruity maltiness and racy hops.
Brilliant copper color. Lively, fruity, spicy aromas of grapefruit marmalade, mango relish, and peach pastry with a oily, crisp, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, long pepper bread, arugula, nuts, and golden beet finish. A spot on American stye amber ale with vibrant hops and balanced malt.
Bright amber color. Bright, citrusy aromas of honeyed grapefruit and orange, fresh herbs, and caramel cake with a velvety, soft, fizzy, fruity medium body and a smooth, medium-long watercress, pepper, and jicama finish. A very enjoyable session style IPA that goes down easy.
Golden color. Fruit aromas of honeyed grapefruit and bread pudding with a zesty dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a snappy pepper frittata and grassy hop kick on the finish. A great, zesty maibock.
Dark brown with a reddish cast. Aromas of chocolate covered fruits, grains, and nuts with a hint of meat with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, toffee and latte accented finish. A bit more lighter framed than previous bottlings and a great choice for the table.
Cloudy pale amber color. Bold aromas of lemongrass, grapefruit marmalade, sourdough baguette, green tea, and grass with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long, tangy lemon cake, herbal honey, poached pear and earth driven finish. Fantastically flavorful.
Minutely hazy reddish mahogany color. Bright, fruity aromas of fruitcake and honey butter with an even, crisp, effervescent, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tingling, captivating, medium-long radish sprouts, pepper, and honeyed pear and plantain finish. A solid Belgian Amber with nice table appeal.
Clear medium brown color. Bright, fruity aromas of berry vinaigrette, caramelized nuts, and fruitcake with a soft, bright, effervescent, fruity sweet medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long peppered jicama, spiced apple, nutskin, and earth finish. A rich and hearty Belgian ale with lots of comforting warmth.
Golden color with a fine blanket of foam. Aromas of egg croissant, dried banana, and a delicate sweet spices and leafy herbs with a frothy dryish medium-to-full body and a grilled fruit and nut, radish, pepper, and mineral accented finish. A classic saison with great table appeal.
Cloudy golden color. Aromas and flavors of caramelized lemons and peaches and vanilla tapioca with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a finely spiced finish with notes of lilac, orange blossom honey, and kale. A very delicious and appetizing wit.
Gold color. Aromas of fresh and spiced apple and fresh bread with a satiny, lively, effervescent, fruity medium body and an effortless, elegant, medium-long starfruit, citrus spritzed melon, and minerals finish. A rich vibrant and refreshing apple flavored wheat ale.
Cloudy orange copper color. Aromas of grapefruit marmalade and bread pudding with a a vibrantly crisp, tangy medium-to-full body and a zesty ruby grapefruit, cayenne peppered jicama, and mineral finish. A great, drier styled radler with pure grapefruit flavor.
Clear deep amber color. Bright, fruity aromas of crush raspberries, sweet pickled onion, lemon scone, and cereal with a satiny, puckering, effervescent, very sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, long buttered nut toast, lime, and tart berries finish. A well BW with balanced and refreshing fruit flavors.
Dark brown color. Delicate aromas and flavors of dried fruits, cocoa, and nuts with a satiny, lively, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a peppery, interesting, medium-long finish with overtones of roasted grain, root vegetable, pepper, and coffee finish with light oak. A rock solid winter warmer of a barrel aged beer.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of ancho chili, over roasted coffee beans, and dried herbs and spices with a full body and a hot, medium length Nesquik, saddle leather, peanut butter and milk chocolate shake, and cigar wrapper finish. A big and serious barrel-aged stout with lots of stout and barrel character. Serve with cigars or ice cream.
Clear deep amber color. Aromas of lavender, syrupy peaches, cherry juice, and black cherry soda with a lively, finely carbonated, sour medium-to-full body and a medium length lemon & lime zest, caramelized peaches, cedar, and cherry syrup finish. A fantastically complex beer that will shine with at the table.
Minutely hazy yellow color. Attractive, toasty aromas of fresh baked banana bread, roasted nut brittle, and molasses cookie with a glycerous, vibrant, fizzy, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, involved, medium-long banana chip, wafer, honeyed jicama, and cream finish. A well balanced, vibrant and delicious hefe.
Pale dusty dull deep amber color. Lively, dank, fruity aromas of peach marmalade, lemon yogurt, and fruitcake with a silky, crisp, frothy, fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-long tropical fruit chutney, lemon pepper, and radish finish. A big, brawny Belgian IPA fusion that captures the spirit of both traditions.
Pale amber color. Bold aromas and flavors of mango chutney and pineapple cake with a satiny, racy, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a bitter, engaging, long finish with accents of pepper, nuts, bitter greens, and grilled grapefruit. A powerful, in your face IPA with nice tropical notes throughout.
Opaque ebony color. Rich, creamy, malty smoky toasty aromas of coffee and dark chocolate mousse with a creamy, bright, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, very long smoked nuts and espresso finish. A wonderfully vibrant and balanced coffee lager.
Minutely hazy medium dusty deep color. Mild, fruity aromas of dried tropical fruits, floral soap, and flavored candle with a glycerous, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light body and a sleek, breezy root vegetables, candied citrus peels, papaya soufflé, and coconut cream finish. A pleasant, earthy lighter styled ipa.
Hazy amber color. Lively, toasty aromas of honeyed raisin toast and yams and dried fruits with a soft, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, stimulating, breezy salted nuts, toasted grain, watercress, and chocolate mint cookie finish. A precise and pleasing English style pale ale.
Bright clear brilliant light gold color. Delicate, toasty, fruity citrusy aromas of caramelized grapefruit and pineapple and peppercorn muffin with a satiny, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length lemon pepper, radicchio, nuts, and pine cone finish. A vibrant, very well balanced ipa.
Bright brilliant clear light gold color. Delicate, baked aromas of citrus tart and praline with a silky, bright, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, stimulating, breezy melon balls, papaya cream, and watercress finish. An attractive, lightly fruity cream ale that is sure to please.
Bright brilliant clear burnt sienna color. Bright, malty, earthy hoppy aromas of caramelized nuts and grain with a soft, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length frosted raisin scone, chocolate pudding, kale, and pepper finish. A well balanced, satisfying British style amber ale with snappy hops.
Bright brilliant clear old gold color. Lively, toasty, savory aromas of peach danish, honeyed nuts, and spice with an even, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length flan, pepper, and bibb lettuce finish. A spot on golden ale with lively, spicy hops.
Brown color. Rich aromas and flavors of milk chocolate mousse, toasted panettone, and marmalade on toast with a satiny, tangy, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a complex, medium-long finish with accents of caramelized citrus, candied yams, chocolate covered tropical fruits, and vanilla yogurt nuts. A delicious and mouthwatering saison with a lovely, well integrated barrel character.
Bright copper color. Rich, toasty, fruity aromas of apricot and pineapple marmalades on toast and peppercorn muffin with a tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an astringent, subtle, medium-long roasted parsnip, pepper, radish, and floral spices finish. A wonderfully zesty Octoberfest.
Old gold color. Rich aromas and flavors of herbs, barn hay, peppercorn muffin, and citrus marmalade with a satiny, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, complex, medium-length finish that exhibits overtones of peppered greens, dried peach, and nuts. A vibrant, toothsome, fruit accented pilsner.
Bright amber color. Delicate aromas and flavors of buttery peach pastry, honeyed citrus, and peppery greens with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, complex, medium-length finish manifesting accents of peppercorn muffin, mineral, hint of pine, and roasted nuts. A sensational flavorful and refreshing lager.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of fresh sourdough bread, lemon zest, omelet, and Greek yogurt with a bracingly tart medium-to-full body and a long, lemon juice and kumquat finish. A faithful rendering of the classic style.
Opaque dark brown black color. Bold aromas and flavors of coffee grounds, bakers chocolate, and roasted nuts with a supple, lively, frothy, dry medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length finish imparting notes of dried fruits, pepper, and grass. A delicious, spot on export style stout.
Opaque dark brown black color. Curious aromas and flavors of overripe cherries and bananas, anisette cookie, burnt sugar, and putty with a supple, bright, frothy, dry medium-to-full body and a prickly, long finish with accents of baking chocolate, burnt coffee beans, nutshell, and wax. A brawny, smoky imperial stout.
Opaque brown black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of roasted nuts and soy with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish with notes of latte, chocolate salted caramels, and greens. A rich, tasty, and nicely balanced imperial stout with great drinkability.
Opaque brown black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of toasted fig bread, chocolate nut, and root beer with a tangy, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length finish revealing accents of cherry chutney, cocoa latte, frisee, and pepper. A delicious and super sessionable oatmeal stout.
Dark brown black color. Delicate aromas of toffee, sweet potato chip, and cola float with a satiny, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-long espresso gelato, nougat, mango-citrus chutney, and pepper finish. A great zesty porter.
Minutely hazy dusty old gold color. Lively, tropical, hoppy interesting aromas of lemon marmalade, jasmine tea, and spiced pineapple with an even, lively, fizzy, dry medium body and a peppery, compelling, medium-length herbs, dried tropical fruits, peppered melon, and pine needle finish. A vibrant mouthwatering, very sessionable ipa.
Bronze ruby color. Delicate, interesting aromas and flavors of cherry preserves, rye toast, and nut brittle with a supple, bright, frothy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, stimulating, medium-length finish with shades of fruitcake, pepper, citrus jelly, and greens. A lovely well-balanced strong ale with great flavor and depth.
Copper ruby color. Delicate aromas and flavors of frosted carrot and banana cakes, roasted nuts, and mango chutney with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, intricate, long finish evoking notes of grapefruit, salted caramel, pepper, and rapini. A wonderfully rich and balanced hoppy strong ale with a fine savory streak.
Bright clear old gold color. Mild, herbal, hoppy aromas of herb muffin, caramelized tropical fruits, lemon pepper, and cannabis with a lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long roasted nuts and grassy earth finish. A robust and powerful double ipa.
Dark brown color. Attractive aromas and flavors of pumpkin pie spices, cherry cola, and chocolate graham crackers with a silky, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish manifesting accents of sweet potato pie, nutskins, chai tea, and horchata. A super flavorful and enticing spiced porter.
Dark brown color. Bright aromas and flavors of chocolate covered citrus and berries and fruitcake with a silky, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish conveying notes of roasted nuts, field greens, and sweet citrus. A very tasty and seamlessly drinking porter.
Bright brilliant clear golden yellow color. Delicate, toasty aromas of fruit custard tart, honeyed toast, and roasted golden beets with a silky, crisp, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length buttered raisin toast and arugula finish. A very nice cream ale with good vibrancy and length.
Bright bronze color. Bright, fruity aromas of cocoa and caramelized pear with a soft, vibrant, bubbly, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, layered, long roasted grain, caramelized dried fruits, mesclun, and delicate peppery spices finish. A great Irish ale with excellent balanced, vibrant flavor, and high drinkability.
Bright bronze color. Lively, toasty, creamy fruity attractive aromas of chocolate nuts and chocolate cake with a satiny, crisp, finely carbonated, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tingling, layered, medium-long toasted grain, dried apple, and pepper finish. A delicious and well balanced Irish ale with a nice chocolatey character and a warming finish.
Hazy mahogany color. Bright, inviting, complex aromas of chocolate fondued fruits, roasted nuts, herbs, and Chanterelle mushrooms with a glycerous, lively, effervescent, moderately sweet medium-full body and a peppery, interesting, long citrus compote, forest floor, sarsaparilla, and herbs finish. A multilayered and thought provoking old ale with lots of mature, earthy cellar tones.
Medium brown color. Rich, attractive aromas of chocolate muffin and vanilla cream with a soft, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length chocolate nuts, lettuces, and dried fruits finish. A delicious and super sessionable Scottish ale.
Brilliant amber color. Lively, fruity aromas of chocolate lemon peel, creme brulee, and pineapple cake with a creamy, vibrant, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long salty roasted corn, candied grapefruit peel, and vanilla nut brittle finish. A very savory and mouthwatering strong ale that will be great with food.
Bright brilliant amber color. Delicate, fruity, floral sweet inviting aromas of Playdoh, honey vinaigrette on greens, and lemon poppy seed muffin with a oily, crisp, finely carbonated, off-dry medium-full body and a warming, intricate, long vanilla nut brittle, roasted corn pudding, dried fruit, and pepper finish. A nicely warming and satisfying strong ale.
Dark brown color. Delicate, toasty, fruity sweet malty aromas of chocolate nuts and lemon herb muffin with a soft, vibrant, fizzy, very sweet medium body and a tingling, elegant, medium-length chocolate mousse, nuts, and peppery greens finish. Joining two great styles, coffee and chocolate of a stout with the hoppy IPA backbone.
Bright brown color. Delicate, attractive aromas of chocolate nuts and cake with a silky, crisp, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length toasted grain, chestnuts, and grassy earth finish. A charming, superbly balanced and drinkable brown ale with a somewhat British style.
Bright amber color. Lively, fruity, herbal aromas of pineapple-mango buttercream, toasted herb baguette, and pine sap with a satiny, crisp, fizzy, dryish medium body and a tingling, delightful, breezy mint jelly, buttered raisin nut toast, orange blossoms, and sautéed arugula finish. This is what American IPAs are all about and delivered with balance and style.
Minutely hazy dark brown color. Rich, meaty, woody, interesting smoky aromas of jerky and bouillon, dark raisin bread, and smoked nuts with a velvety, crisp, effervescent, moderately sweet medium-full body and a warming, medium-long arugula, caramelized chestnuts, jicama, and peat moss finish. A rich, meaty, savory Belgian styled ale that will shine at the table.
Minutely hazy gold color. Bright, floral aromas of dried herbs and lavender, lemon peppercorn muffin, vanilla soufflé, and chalk with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, elegant, breezy dried fruits, salty roasted root vegetables, delicate greens, and minerals finish. A delicious, rich, and savory Belgian golden ale.
Dark-Brown color. Aromas of toffee, toasted cranberry bread, berry yogurt, and latte with a slightly chewy, tart, finely carbonated, sourish medium-to-full body and a tingling, elegant, medium-long roasted nuts, greens, and spiced nuts finish. A rich and complex Belgian style style with a fine table friendly balance.
Gold color. Aromas of raisin bread toast and honeyed citrus with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length arugula, light pepper, and minerals finish. A delicious, toasty, fruity kolsch with a snappy hop finish and super sessionability.
Minutely hazy yellow color. Bright, toasty aromas of toasted baguette, chalk, and salted nuts with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long turnip and pepper finish. A deliciously refreshing, spot on kolsch.
Brilliant amber color. Delicate, fruity, yeasty aromas of orange-peach sourdough pastry and lemon curd with an oily, soft, effervescent, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, appealing, medium-long orange marmalade, pepper, and bitter greens finish. A rich and penetrating peppery triple style ale.
Brilliant deep amber color. Bright, vinous, yeasty aromas of sourdough bread, peach yogurt, and focaccia with a supple, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length grapefruit custard, dried tropical fruits, bitter greens, and pepper finish. A rich, chewy, well hopped singel.
Clear deep amber color. Bright, fruity aromas of peach marmalade and apple muffin with a soft, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, long peppery greens, apple butter on toast, and custard finish. A nicely astringent and fruity maibock that will be great with food.
Brilliant copper color. Delicate, floral aromas of chocolate cookie, toast, and lemon curd with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length peppered greens and praline finish. A zesty, refreshing amber ale with a solid malt backbone.
Bright clear amber color. Delicate, citrusy aromas of orange marmalade and raisin scone with a silky, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, interesting, medium-length lemon cake, honeyed nuts, and kale finish. A fruity and refreshing bitter ale.
Brilliant clear golden amber color. Bright, herbal aromas of oregano, dried grapefruit peel, and pine with a supple, lively, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, medium-length pepper, radicchio, and tangerine peel finish. A big, brawny, triple IPA with loads of hoppy goodness.
Opaque ebony color. Delicate, smoky aromas of smoked meats and nuts and black coffee with an even, bright, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length sprouts, chocolate cream, crackers, and minerals finish. A toothsome and highly drinkable sweet stout.
Gold color. Aromas of dried apricot and pineapple, banana bread, and herbs with a satiny, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, subtle, medium-long citrus, melon, and pepper finish. A great wheat beer with tasty, fruity hops.
Gold color. Aromas of dried apricot and pound cake with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, complex, long wheat bread and mesclun greens finish. Very tasty and pure fruit flavors with a balanced, drying finish; great fruity, food beer.
Brilliant amber color. Rich, tropical aromas of mango-coconut relish, toasted Hawaiian bread, and pepper muffin with an even, vibrant, effervescent, fruity medium body and an even, refreshing, easy finish. finish. A rock solid pale ale with nice dimensions of flavor.
Light brilliant straw green color. Delicate, toasty aromas of apple butter on toast with a soft, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, appealing, breezy arugula and pepper finish. A very faithful version of a lager, without gluten.
Light pale brilliant bright old color. Delicate, citrusy, earthy aromas of sourdough toast, banana nut muffin, lemon taffy, and nettles with a velvety, bright, spritzy, sour medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length peach vinaigrette on greens, radicchio, and honey finish. A lively, lightly sour yeast beer with a nice core of fruit malt and hops flavors.
Opaque dark brown color. Lively, creamy, malty nutty oaky aromas of chocolate drizzled nuts, dark caramel, and grilled portabellos with a supple, crisp, effervescent, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, long chocolate espresso beans, creme brulee, and pepper finish. A rich and stimulating barrel aged stout.
Dark walnut color. Bright, attractive aromas of chocolate toffee, buttery raspberry pastry, creme brulee, and pencil with an oily, bright, spritzy, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length caramel apple and pear, spiced nuts and coconut, mocha, and bibb lettuce finish. An attractive well made barrel aged ale.
Dark hazy walnut color. Lively, mature aromas of chocolate fondue, tamari, figs, and pound cake with an oily, tangy, effervescent, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a peppery, distinctive, medium-long chocolate berries and raisins, caramel nut fudge, and microgreens finish. A mellow, well aged barrel accented ale.
Minutely hazy gold color. Lively, sweet, spicy aromas of tropical fruit compote, delicate spices, and panettone with a silky, bright, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, involved, medium-long spice cake and yams, arugula, delicate peppery spice, and salted nuts finish. A delicious, mouthwatering, fruity saison like beer.
Old gold color. Aromas of poached apples and pears with a silky, fruity sweet medium body and a zesty candied citrus, honeyed melon, and golden raisin finish. Try with well aged cheddar.
Minutely hazy light gold color. Lively, fruity, attractive complex aromas of citrus, nectarine, pepper cracker, and hay with a silky, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, long peppercorns, delicate spices, and mixed greens finish. A vibrant savory, multifaceted saison that will be very versatile.
Pale brilliant gold color. Fruity, dank floral herbal aromas of honeyed tropical fruits, caramel custard, spice and herbs, and pine with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an effortless, elegant, medium-long oregano pizza bread, pepper, and spice parsnips finish. A delicious and instantly gratifying ipa with a cornucopia of flavors.
Medium pale brilliant light gold color. Delicate, tropical, herbal aromas of caramelized tropical fruits, herb muffin, and spiced nuts with a soft, effervescent, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length honey mango pastry, roasted carrot, grass, and pepper finish. A seamlessly delicious iipa .
Pale light sunburst color. Mild, pure aromas of strawberry preserves on sticky buns, nougat, and flower garden with a silky, lively, fizzy, off-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, captivating, breezy spiced melon and apricot, mandarin orange, nuts, and grassy earth finish. A delicious, multilayered berry flavored cider.
Brilliant clear old gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of honey baked apples, vanilla mint cookie, and ginger ale with a velvety, tangy, spritzy, sweet medium-to-full body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long dried apricot, mandarin orange, and delicate creamy spices finish. A rich, concentrated and pure dessert cider.
Dark reddish mahogany color. Delicate, fruity aromas of cassis jam, raisins, and kiwi with a satiny, lively, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length lemon marmalade, blackberry, and minerals finish. A bright vibrant dark berry cider that will appeal to wine drinkers.
Gold color. Aromas of spiced apples and pears, honeyed chamomile tea, and praline with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, long exotic Manuka honey, green apples, and minerals finish. An utterly delicious and satisfying, lightly floral cider.
Brilliant copper color. Bright, fruity aromas of dried sour cherries, dried apples and peaches, brown spice, and nougat with a soft, vibrant, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long leather, green apple, lemons, and flower patch finish. A rich and rewarding sour cherry and apple cider.
Minutely hazy golden amber color. Bright, spicy aromas of crusty apple pie with a soft, vibrant, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long caramelized apples and lemons finish. A very pure and delicious, spicy apple pie like dessert cider that is sure to please.
Clear dark red oak color. Mild, toasty, vinous aromas of fresh dark baguette, cassis jam, pomegranate, and sundried with a glycerous, racy, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length red and black currants, citrus and apple peels, pressed lilacs, and apple cider vinegar finish. A wonderfully tart and dry berry cider that will pair brilliantly.
Light golden amber color. Delicate, spicy, herbal aromas of epazote, honeyed ramps, spiced apples, and nopales with a supple, bright, spritzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, appealing, breezy cinnamon apple pastry and lemon finish. A fun Latin tingled spicy cider.
Bright brilliant clear gold color. Delicate, fruity, creamy aromas of peach granola in cream and golden raisin baguette with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length radish, arugula, and minerals finish. A clean, precise cream ale with great table appeal.
Bright yellow color. Aromas of poached egg, buttered toasted baguette, dried citrus and fig with a sumptuous fruity-yet-dry full body and a long, warming, complex finish with notes of sweet and peppery spices, dried fruits, praline and mossy earthy hops. A delightful sipping or food beer.
Cloudy amber color. Rich, attractive aromas of fresh banana cake, white toffee, and flan with a glycerous, bright, spritzy, off-dry medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length salty nuts, caramel, and fruity bubblegum finish. A delicious dunkel.
Minutely hazy copper color. Lively, attractive aromas of rich toffee, citrus marmalade, and chocolate cake with a even, vibrant, finely carbonated, very sweet medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long nuts, roasted corn, arugula, and lemon pepper finish. A superb chocolatey amber ale with great depth and integration.
Hazy red oak color. Bold, fruity, sour aromas of cherry and apple cider vinegars and nut toast with a puckering, finely carbonated, sour medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length spiced blood oranges and kiwis finish. A very zesty, nicely balanced sour brown beer.
Opaque brown black color. Aromas of chocolate raisin muffin, caramelized nuts, leather, and horsehair brush are earthy and attractive with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, tangy dried fruit, coffee, and roasted chestnut finish. Excellent flavor and poise.
Amber color. Lively aromas of citrus custard pastry, herb muffin, and soufflé with a chewy, lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, medium-length honey, dried fruit, and delicate pepper finish. A rich, chewy bock for all occasions.
Hazy golden yellow color. Bold yeasty aromas suggest spice, stone fruit, and soufflé with a supple, fruity medium-full body and a licorice and earthy, peppery hops on the graceful, frothy finish. Zesty, vibrant and fruity.
Dark copper brown color. Aromas and flavors of dark chocolate mousse, tamari, dried fruit, and dark German bread with a rich dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long roasted nut and grain, fig jam, peppercorn, and arugula accented finish. Excellent savory complexity and depth. This pushes the boundary of the style.
Rich copper color. Aromas and flavors of fruity caramel, baked sweet potatoes, herbal hops, and sweet spices with silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful roasted root vegetable and nicely astringent peppery hop finish. Well done.
Bright pale amber color. Lively, citrusy, herbal aromas of grilled citrus, herb bread, honeyed apricot, and Italian parsley with a satiny, bright, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a tingling, layered, long radicchio, pepper, and sautéed lemon and grapefruit finish. A spot on, robustly hoppy IPA that is sure to please hop heads.
Rich amber color. Vibrant aromas of creamy caramel, spicy fruit chutney, and spun honey with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a chewy, yeasty fruit pie, spice, and grassy earth finish. Very rich, flavorful and balanced.
Black color. Rich aromas and flavors of oregano, roasted citrus, dark toasted bread, and chocolate with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a warming, captivating, medium-long finish revealing notes of arugula, roasted nuts, figs, and pepper. A very nice hop forward imperial stout with nice balance and intensity.
Lightly hazy golden amber color. Exotic aromas and flavors of buttery pistachio brittle, dried cherries, mint jelly and spiced peaches with a silky entry to fruity medium-to-full body with orange-raisin chutney and grassy hop notes on the long zesty finish. Delicious and fun.
Golden amber color. Rich aromas suggest an array of tropical fruit marmalades and yeasty spice cake with a zesty, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a nicely layered spiced peach, ginger, and citrus finish. A nice crowd-pleasing session Belgian blonde.
Hazy golden amber color with a lacy head. Effusive aromas of spice, apple butter, cashew brittle, pear and kiwi with a satiny, fruity medium-full body and a chewy, seamless mesh of honeyed nut, dried fruit, and spice flavors. Sensational delicious and triumphant at the table.
Bright pale amber color. Intriguing aromas of spicy deviled egg and nachos with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshing almost creamy, finish with a hint of apple custard, nut and earthy hops. Very quenching and flavorful.
Lightly hazy copper color. Aromas of fresh grainy pepper bread, nuts, and mineral with a crisp, dry medium body and a zesty, grassy, radish sprouts like hop finish. Excellent purity and freshness.+
IPA.
Pure amber color. Aromas of toasty pound cake with apple, pineapple, peach, and delicate herbs. Very supple and seamless integrated dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body with honeycomb, pepper, apple-mint jam on wafer, and mineral notes on the long finish. Elegant, complex and satisfying.
Brilliant amber color. Lively, citrusy, fruity spicy aromas of mango chutney, pineapple cake, and onion marmalade on toast with a silky, bright, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, amusing, medium-long watercress, spiced orange, pepper, and carrot finish. A flavorful and balanced IPA with a nice savory streak for the table.
Black with a tan head. Artisan dark chocolate and butter roasted nut aromas and flavors with a chewy, dryish medium-full body and a date-cherry bread, floral honey, and peppery hop finish. Delicious balanced and flavorful.
Deep amber color. Rich aromas of apricot butter on rye, grapefruit and pinesap with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a spicy radish, earthy kale, and grapefruit rind-like hop flourish. Nicely balanced.
Deep reddish bronze color. Bright aromas and flavors of milk chocolate coated hazelnuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshing creamy chocolate cherry mousse finish. Very tasty and sure to please.
Bright pale amber color. Pungent cannibis-like hop and grilled apricot and pineapple aromas with a chewy, dryish medium-full body and a butter toasted baguette, root vegetable and piney, resinous hop finish. A serious explosion on hops.
Rich amber color. Biscuity malt, honey butter, and delicate baking spice aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a crisp, piney, fruit pastry, almond cookie, and watercress accented finish. Very British and malt driven in style and quite tasty, balanced and refreshing.
Dark chestnut brown color. Bright aromas of scrambled egg, toasty biscuit, and caramelized nuts with a plush, dryish medium body and a long, roasted grain and water chestnut, honey, and grassy, minerally earth driven finish. Fantastic flavor and balance.
Deep reddish copper color. Bright dried hop aromas of grilled grapefruit and peach, honey, pine blossom and pink peppercorn with a chewy, fruity medium-full body and a honey roasted corn, grain and root vegetable and chocolate mint accented finish. Sip with caution, this is dangerously drinkable.
Dark brown black color. Alluring aromas of chocolate covered citrus fruits and nuts, latte, and sweet pipe tobacco with a generously plush, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long well balanced finish of savory roasted nuts, herbs, birch beer, and spiced fruits. Magnificently rich and flavorful über porter.
Black brown color. Spicy, peppery hop aromas with crisp, chewy dry-yet-fruity full body and roasted nuts and cocoa flavors balance the hops. A hophead's imperial stout.
Hazy orange amber color. Hoppy aromas of roasted citrus and peaches, pine and hone with a rich, chewy fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a nectarine marmalade and grilled root vegetable and peppery hop snap. A fantastically dynamic strong ale for hopheads.
Slightly hazy copper mahogany color with a taupe lace. Rich aromas of caramelized nuts and stone fruits, chocolate fudge, and pepper bread with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry full body and a long, plush brown sugar, dried fruits, and pepper spice finish. Robust, elegant, and delicious.
Opaque dark brown black color. Rich, toasty aromas and flavors of melted toffee, chocolate cherry danish, creme brulee, and spiced nuts with a satiny, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium-full body and a warming, appealing finish that presents overtones of sarsaparilla, cherry and apple brandy, exotic peppercorns, and tobacco with light oak. A big boozy winter warmer that dose the trick.
Deep amber color. Lively aromas and flavors of grapefruit marmalade, honeyed rye toast, pine, and golden beet with a silky, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, delightful, medium-length finish manifesting suggestions of fruitcake, pepper, citrus peel, and arugula. A very nice table-tuned pale ale.
Dark brown color. Aromas of caramelized nuts, black pepper, and roasted root vegetables with a crisp, round dry medium-to-full body and a savory, arugula and grassy hop finish. A wonderful table companion.
Bright light gold color. Lively, creamy, spicy aromas of spicy orange soufflé, toasted herb buttered baguette, lemon frosted scone, and salted nuts with a supple, tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, captivating, breezy caramelized citrus and peach, delicate peppery spices, and mint finish. A complex, richly flavorful Belgian blonde ale that hits all of the high notes.
Deep old gold color. Fruit stripe gum, orange sorbet, and delicate potpourri aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a richly layered fruit, spice and delicate fresh herb finish. A delightfully delicious beer.
Minutely hazy pale amber color with a firm fine blanked of foam. Bright aromas of honeyed orange, apple butter, praline, and yeasty lemon cake with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a vibrant, warming, fruit, spice, pepper, and honey driven finish. Very tasty and refreshing; will be great at the table.
Dark copper color. Aromas of caramelized citrus, fig, and pepper bread toast with a crisp, frothy, dryish medium body and a nice wave of bittering hops on the long finish. An excellent, dry, well balanced food beer with a good dose of hops.
Rich amber copper color. Aromas of hot cocoa, toasted nut bread and faint grilled root vegetables with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, nectarine, kale, citrus, and peppery noble hop snap on the long finish. Zesty and flavorful.
Golden straw color. Attractive aromas of toasted grain, salty baguette, corn chip, and delicate herbs with a very crisp, dryish medium body and a long, snappy, roasted root vegetable, peppered arugula, and mineral nuanced finish. Delicious, vibrant, and balanced.
Copper brown color. Aromas of hard boiled egg, cheese bread, and earthy whole roasted nuts with a supple, dryish medium body and a a frothy cacao nib, dark toast, and pepper finish. A nice snappy dunkel.
Luminous reddish mahogany color. Aromas of malted chocolate nuts, herb frittata, pink pepper, and dried fruit pastries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a well-balanced, drying finish with notes of nuts, grains, greens, and grassy herbs. Quite delicious.
Aromas of toasted nut bread and omelet are attractive with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, praline, honeyed citrus and earthy radish green-like hop snap. Very tasty and food friendly.
Bright orange amber color. Smoky aromas and flavors of jerky, grilled citrus and peaches with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, arugula, pepper, and earth accented finish. Well done.
Brown black color with a tan lace. Complex aromas of jerk chicken rub, spicy mincemeat pie, and dark chocolate orange peels, and citrus blossoms with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long, chewy bakers chocolate, chestnut, bitter espresso, peppercorn, and straw accented finish. Great complexity, vibrancy, and in your face swagger.
Hazy dark mahogany color. Complex aromas and flavors of circus peanut, chocolate toffee, mocha gelato, and cedar with a satiny, tangy, frothy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, involved, medium-length finish revealing notes of fruit tart, delicate spice, and honey. Not really a dry stout, but quite delicious; this is more of a Belgian stout.
Brown black color. Aromas and flavors of dark chocolate and coffee with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, roasted nut and roasted root vegetable accented finish. A delicious and appetizing beer.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate pastry,mocha and dried fruit with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, refreshing citrus, sweet potato, and spiced coffee finish. A fun, lively and flavorful stout that is sure to please.
Dark brown black color. Rich, dank, hoppy boozy aromas of chocolate toffee, dried citrus, and dark rye toast with a soft, lively, finely carbonated, bittersweet medium-full body and a hot, complex, very long nutskins, lemon pepper, grilled yams, and grass finish. A blockbuster black ipa.
Golden amber color. Enticing aromas of lavender, jasmine rice, and peach pastries with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a grapefruit creme brulee and grassy hop driven finish. This is really delicious and a great fusion of styles. A great choice for spicy curries.
Dark brown with a bronze cast and taupe head. Aromas of chocolate drizzled and grilled citrus, cayenne pork rind, with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a lingering, astringent and bitter baker's cocoa, peppercorn, and rapini finish. The bitterness is aggressively agreeable and makes this a great food beer.
Bright amber color. Aromas of banana custard and baklava with chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, honeyed pepper bread and flan accented finish. Very tasty and well balanced.
Rich amber color. Aromas of pepper-oregano focaccia and peach pastry with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, nicely astringent, honeyed grilled pineapple, banana, and papaya and pepper finish. Very pleasurable and well balanced.
Lustrously clear amber copper color with frog eye bubbles. Aromas of margarita pizza, cracked pepper, and fig paste with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and pleasant buttered raisin toast and salty roasted corn finish. A nice savory food beer that is sure to please.
Copper amber color. Aromas and flavors of caramelized fruits and cinnamon raisin toast with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a very clean and refreshing, chewy pear, sea salt, and root vegetable accented finish. A delicious and lively beer for all occasions.
Clear pale golden yellow color. Aromas of apricot soufflé, lemon curd and delicate spice with a lively carbonated fruity medium body and an apple, sprouts, lemongrass and coriander accented finish. A clean, refreshing, and well balanced wit designed for effortless enjoyment. Will pair well with spicy foods.
 Certified Organic 
Deep brown color. Attractive hoppy aromas of citrus marmalade, oregano honey, and pine with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, mocha latte, peppercorn, roasted grain, pine cone and mineral finish. Tasty.
Pale amber color. Bold woody aromas and flavors of smoky mesquite grilled meats, peppers, and fruits with a supple, fruity-yet-dry full body and long, complex array of smoked pepper, nut, root vegetable and grass notes on finish. A smoke beer that really delivers the wood smoke goods!
Hazy amber color. Rich aromas and flavors of pineapple cake, grapefruit, and mango with a supple, racy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an astringent, appealing, medium-long finish manifesting notes of pine, rapini, and lemon pepper. A robust, zesty IPA-like pale ale with great citrus fruit notes.
Hazy copper brown color. Aromas of dried fruits, toffee, clay, and delicate peppery spice and herbs with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy candied citrus, nougat, sweet spice, and brown sugar finish. Excellent vibrancy that shines through the barrel.
Dark copper red color. Brash aromas of grapefruit rind, woodsy herbs, jalapeño, basil, and resinous pine with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, hoppy spiced nut, herb, peppercorn, pine plank, and citrus peel finish. A strong ale for hopheads.
Copper color. Delicate aromas and flavors of creme brulee, chocolate nougat bar, peach-mango chutney, and roasted nuts with a velvety, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, delightful, medium-length finish revealing notes of bitter greens, grapefruit custard, vanilla, and pepper with light oak. A great, well balanced and vibrant barleywine.
Amber color. Attractive aromas of fresh strawberry tart and apple marmalade with a crisp, supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, mouthwatering strawberry and apple sorbet finish. Great purity and vibrancy.
Cloudy pale red indigo color. Bold honeycomb, baked apple, nougat, and berry yogurt aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a tangy lemon-lime sorbet, berry lipstick, and earth finish. Nice complexity and nuance of berry and apple flavors. Will be great with food.
Deep amber color. Attractive aromas and flavors of ginger pepper jelly, herbal pizza crust, and peach and grapefruit marmalades with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long finish that presents elements of citrus creme brulee, pepper, bitter greens, and pine blossom. A zesty, vibrant hop-centric IPA that is sure to please.
Opaque brown black color. Toasty aromas of grilled pumpernickel and chocolate covered grapefruit peels with a satiny, lively, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, long baking chocolate, pepper, and dark roasted espresso bean finish. An intense combination of dark roasted malt and brooding, bitter hop flavors.
Golden amber color. Aromas of dark caramelized apples, golden raisins, honeycomb, and creme brulee crust with a supple, moderately carbonated, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, earthy, praline and limestone accented finish. A nicely composed cider for the table.
Amber copper color. Aromas and flavors of caramelized dried fruit, raisin toast, and chocolate cookie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a hint of licorice, pepper, radicchio, and spice on the finish. Very tasty.
Deep amber color. Hoppy aromas and flavors of lemon, oregano muffin, fancy floral soap, and pine nut with a crisp, dryish medium body and a refreshing orange, peppercorn, and salty parsnip accented finish. Quite tasty and very food friendly. A nice hoppy take on the style.
Gold color. Delicate aromas and flavors of toast and salty plantain chips with a supple, crisp, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a appealing, medium-length finish that exhibits shades of pepper, watercress, nougat, and earth. A finely tuned lager that will be a Swiss army knife at the table.
Amber color. Aromas of apricot marmalade on buttered lemon scone are attractive with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, dried tropical fruit, corn, and watercress accented finish. Very refreshing and versatile.
Golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of parsnip, peach and orange jams on herb nut toast with a crisp, dryish medium body and a frothy, salty pretzel bread, egg, radish, and pepper finish. Very crisp and tasty.
Lustrous copper color with a khaki lace. Aromas of buttered toasted nut bread and lemon pepper with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, honeyed grilled pear, blood orange, roasted nut, and radish sprouts accented finish. Very nicely composed flavors with solid balance.
Dark copper with a ruby cast. Aromas of roasted potatoes and root vegetables, straw, singed herbs, and citrus pith with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tangy, bitter, and resinous pepper, grilled kale, mango-orange sorbet, and cedar finish. Lot of dank hop character here.
Deep mahogany with a ruby cast. Aromas of toasted fruit cake, honey butter, and roasted nuts with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a zesty citrus compote, gingerbread, and peppery spice finish. Very tasty and balanced.
Dark brown with a ruby amber cast. Bright aromas of roasted chili peppers and coffee with a zesty, dryish medium-to-full body and a long, peppery spice, mole sauce, and roasted root vegetable finish. A fun, scintillating porter that is sure to please.
Opaque black brown color with a tan head. Rich aromas of honeyed dried cherries, pistachio gelato, chocolate, and peppery spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a crisp, lively, nicely bitter chocolate, pepper bread, and cappuccino finish. Boldly delicious.
Black with a dark brown cast creamy manila lace. Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered dried apricots, grape Pez, and bubblegum spices with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a creamy, tropical citrus gelato, Earl Grey tea sorbet, and a pistachio praline finish. Quite distinctive and tasty.
Copper color. Aromas of cinnamon raisin oatmeal cookie and fresh gingerbread with a tangy, silky, medium-to-full body and a long creamy white cherry toffee, Asian spices, and pepper jelly finish. Delicious, balanced, and a very festive. Try with vanilla based desserts.
Lustrous copper orange color. Aromas of orange spice cake, pink peppercorn, lemon custard, and lavender with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a frothy, bitter finish with a notes of juniper jelly, pepper, radicchio, and violet gelato. Quite a clever and uniquely flavorful brew. Try with goat cheeses
Copper color. Toasty aromas and flavors of pineapple cake and creme brulee with a satiny, bright, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, intriguing, long finish with suggestions of toasted pepper bread and salty roasted nuts. A fine British styled amber ale with lots of savory appeal.
Cloudy pale yellow nickel color. Aromas of baked peach, butter roasted nuts, clay, and wheat wafer with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy citrus, pepper egg bread, and radish finish. A zesty, mouthwatering wit that will be great at the table with cheese and sausages.
Cloudy sunrise golden color. Attractive aromas of caramelized citrus, banana herb muffin, and ferns with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a chewy, tangy, passionfruit-kiwi gelato, pepper and sharp lemongrass accented finish. A powerfully delicious doppelbock.
Golden amber color. Subtle aromas of lemongrass, lime leaves, coriander, and herb bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and peach pastry, sweet cream, spice, and jicama finish. Very tasty and well balanced picnic beer.
Opaque dark mahogany color. Aromas and flavors of roasted figs, chocolate pudding, mounds bars, and toasted coconut with a sweet medium-full body and a prickly, medium-long finish with notes of semi-dark chocolate, creme brulee, and vanilla custard. A rich, full-bodied barrel aged beer that is a bit sweeter, but restrained.
Hazy deep amber salmon color. Toasty aromas of fresh gingerbread, honey butter, peach chutney, and mint tea with a supple, racy, finely carbonated, sourish medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, appealing, medium length buttery toasted baguette, salty popcorn, savory cranberry relish, and field greens finish. An interesting combination of toast, lactic, and tart berry tones that will work well with Mediterranean dishes.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Lively, interesting, complex aromas of herbed citrus, mango-mint chutney, and crispy chicken skin with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, medium-long lemon thyme, ginger and Asian spices, lime leaves, and roasted root vegetables finish. A wild roller coaster of flavors, best enjoyed with Asian cuisine.
Dark brown color. Rich aromas and flavors of fresh baked spicy pumpkin pie, candied yams, and mincemeat with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long finish with notes of dark rye toast, arugula, pepper, and coffee. A great drier styled pumpkin with nice nuances of spice and roasted malt.
Cloudy dark copper color. Bright, toasty aromas of lemon nut scone, herb bread, and brown sugar with a velvety, vibrant, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length caramelized grains and nuts, dried citrus and fruits, and roasted carrot finish. A nice snappy ipa with balanced maltiness.
Bright clear brilliant dark copper color. Bright, fruity aromas of tropical fruit chutney, lemon marmalade, and raisin toast with a soft, crisp, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, compelling, medium-length pepper, arugula, and turnip finish. An even and balanced imperial ipa.
Clear mahogany color. Lively, attractive, spicy aromas of chocolate orange cake, pepper bread, vanilla cola, and yams with a soft, effervescent, fruity sweet medium-full body and a peppery, complex, long bitter greens, tropical fruits, dark chocolate, and pine finish. A strong hoppy, winter warmer.
Hazy gold color. Lively aromas and flavors of banana nut muffin, lemon pudding, herb bread, and roasted root vegetables with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, stimulating, medium-length finish that presents suggestions of melon, radish, dried fruit, and water chestnut. A very tasty and appetizing unfiltered lager.
Copper orange color. Delicate aromas and flavors of honeyed raisin toast and spiced nuts with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a delightful, medium-length finish with accents of dried tropical fruit, watercress, and root vegetables. A finely balanced Octoberfest beer that really nails the style.
Bright old gold color. Attractive, fruity, floral aromas and flavors of apricot pastry and orange marmalade with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, captivating, medium-length finish that presents notes of radish sprouts, toasted nuts, citrus jelly, and melon. A very tasty, fruity helles that is sure to please.
Gold color. Delicate aromas and flavors of nougat, spiced pineapple, and multigrain toast with a supple, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, appealing, medium-length finish with notes of roasted corn, pepper, and salt. A delicious, vibrant, and balanced lager that is sure to please.
Bright deep amber color. Rich, inviting aromas and flavors of grapefruit marmalade, herb bread, and dried mango with a chewy, tangy, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an astringent, appealing, medium-long finish with notes of kumquat chutney, pine, and bitter greens. A robust and very well balanced imperial red ale.
Hazy stratocaster sunburst color. Lively aromas and flavors of caramelized grapefruit, brown sugar, dried mango, and spicy custard with a velvety, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium-full body and a complex, medium-long finish with accents of apricot marmalade on toast, baking spices, brown sugar, and pepper. A lip-smacking and well made English style barleywine.
Dark-Brown color. Lively, interesting aromas and flavors of nut brittle, salted caramel chocolates, papaya chutney, and brown sugar with a chewy, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with impressions of roasted parsnip, pepper, fig, and latte. A rich and savory imperial porter that will be best with food.
Opaque brown black color. Mild aromas of roasted chestnuts and sprouted grains with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish medium-full body and a warming, appealing, medium-long espresso gelato and peppercorns finish. A snappy imperial stout.
Brilliant pale amber color. Bright, toasty, interesting alliaceous aromas of garlic cheese bread, pineapple marmalade, and bbq potato chip with a silky, bright, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, nuanced, medium-long citrus custard, chive muffin, peppery greens, and spiced turnips finish. An intricately layered and very savory IPA that will be wonderful at the table.
Dark brown color. Interesting aromas and flavors of chocolate covered dried mango and apricot and chestnut honey with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, intricate, medium-length finish revealing suggestions of toasted dark bread, salty roasted nuts, granola, and citrus. A delicious and mouthwatering flavored porter with great fruity and savory notes.
Opaque black color. Dense aromas and flavors of dark roasted coffee beans, burnt sugar and nuts, burnt raisin toast, and wood with a velvety, soft, under-carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-length finish with elements of espresso gelato, smoked nuts, caramel cream, and honeycomb with light oak. An intense coffee stout for real coffee connoisseurs that has an interesting arc from burnt to sweet.
Clear amber color. Delicate, hoppy aromas of chive muffin and salty roasted nuts with a velvety, tangy, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a warming, compelling, long grilled citrus, roasted root vegetables, radicchio, and pepper finish. A robust IPA that delivers the hoppy goods.
Bright gold color. Lively, fruity, creamy toasty aromas of fruity cheese danish and grapefruit marmalade with a velvety, lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long peppercorns, pine buds, dried citrus, and apricot and mango finish. A refreshingly appetizing pale ale with nice toastiness and zesty hops on the finish.
Clear amber color. Bright, toasty, herbal aromas of herb bread and marmalade with a soft, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, very long grapefruit custard, radicchio, and pepper finish. A vibrantly flavorful and finely balanced pale ale.
Clear pale amber color. Delicate, fruity, herbal aromas of mango sauce and herb bread with a supple, tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, long root vegetables, peppery radishes, corn pudding, and pine buds finish. Hops and citrus from start to finish.
Hazy brown color. Bright, spicy, herbal aromas of gingerbread, peppercorn herb muffin, and coffee cake with a silky, bright, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a warming, medium-length chocolate orange peel, mocha, arugula, and caramelized parsnip finish. A great winter ale that perfectly marries malt, hops and spice.
Opaque black color. Bold, spicy, sweet aromas of gingersnaps, chocolate bread pudding, sassafras, and caramelized bacon with a soft, vibrant, effervescent, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, intriguing, medium-length candied yams, fleur de sel, and nuts finish. A nicely spiced stout.
Amber color. Aromas of fruitcake and berry compote and vinaigrette with a supple, tangy, effervescent, sourish medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-long balsamic and soy drizzled dark berries, pomegranate, creme brulee, and salty roasted chestnuts finish. A very savory and satisfying, slightly sour, barrel aged treat that will shine at the table.
Clear golden yellow color. Mild, fruity aromas of ham and egg sandwich, fruit jam on toast, and delicate spices with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a warming, charming, medium-length mint jelly, pepper, and vanilla custard finish. A nice chewy and fruity golden ale that is sure to please.
Clear walnut color. Delicate, peppery aromas of chili pepper and paprika, cola, chocolate mint cookie, and grilled sweet potato with a supple, bright, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long herbal mint and tomato relish finish. A lively and cooling minty spice beer for the fall.
Medium-Brown color. Aromas of cherry-date jam, raisin rye toast, and brown sugar with a round, tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long caramelized nuts, watercress, and starfruit finish. A rich and delicious, spot on old ale with comforting warmth and food affinity.
Minutely hazy yellow color. Faint, interesting aromas of yeasty fruitcake, schmaltz bread, and lemon pepper with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, delightful, short peach-apple custard, peppery spices, and minted melon finish. A smooth and seamless saison experience.
Minutely hazy reddish mahogany color. Lively, attractive aromas of banana taffy, orange blossom honey, and raisin toast with a velvety, crisp, spritzy, off-dry medium body and a peppery, medium-long roasted nuts, spiced pears and apples, and minerals finish. A superbly flavorful and satisfying Belgian dubbel that is sure to please.
Clear brown color. Mild aromas of roasted nuts and cocoa with a supple, bright, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, engaging, medium-length pumpernickel toast and roasted nuts finish. A super sessionable brown ale.
Gold color. Aromas of pear, bread, and lily with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, engaging, medium-length kiwi soufflé, cream, pepper, and earth finish. A delicious pear flavored wheat ale with great balance, vibrancy and style.
Hazy gold color. Delicate, interesting aromas of frosted carrot and banana cakes, caramelized nuts, and spiced turkey jerky with a soft, vibrant, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length candied yams, toasted pepper bread, and orange blossom honey finish. A vibrant, spicy, and appetizing wit that's sure to be a hit.
Bright reddish mahogany color. Lively, attractive, fruity aromas of chocolate drizzled fruits and berries, honeycomb, and raisin bread with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, subtle, medium-long spiced nuts, pepper, cocoa, and arugula finish. An intriguing, delicious expertly balanced fruit beer that is sure to please.
Hazy deep amber color. Mild, smoky aromas of dried stone fruits, frosted scone, and straw with a supple, soft, fizzy, fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length cake batter, melon, delicate peppery spices, and wood smoke finish. A very interesting rather wild ale that will be great with cheese.
Minutely hazy old gold color. Lively, baked aromas of tropical fruits, peach custard, yams, and caramel corn with a silky, lively, finely carbonated, very sweet medium-to-full body and a peppery, amusing, medium-long caramelized citrus, roasted nuts, lemon pepper, and grilled parsnip and cabbage finish. An astringently bitter and flavorful ipa that is sure to please hopheads.
 Certified Organic 
Bright light gold color. Bold, toasty aromas of dried fruits, nuts, apple tart, and petrol and rubber with a glycerous, lively, finely carbonated, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, captivating, easy apple sorbet, apple drinking cider, kombucha, and oak finish. A vibrant and nicely balanced barrel aged cider.
Gold color. Aromas of apple pastry, sliced apple, and light caramel with a supple, bright, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length starfruit, melon, citrus, and minerals finish. A pure, crisp and refreshingly fruity cider.
Dark gold color. Fruity aromas of peach skin and juice and mango papaya relish with a supple, crisp, effervescent, moderately sweet medium body and a smooth, stimulating, relaxed peach marmalade and peach pie finish. A delicious, dimensional, and purely flavored peach cider.
Gold color. Toasty aromas and flavors of buttered toast, delicate spiced pear, and honey cream with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish body and a interesting, snappy finish that exhibits notes of corn pudding, salted nuts, and starfruit. A delicious and well balanced lager for all occasions.
Slightly hazy golden yellow color. Attractive aromas of banana nut muffin and minty wheat wafer with a frothy, dryish light-to-medium body and a delicate spicy nougat, mineral, and wheatgrass accented finish. Very clean and refreshing.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of toasted baguette and herb butter with a supple, dryish, cream-like foamy light-to-medium body a nice, lightly peppery, radish sprout and nut finish. A rock solid golden ale for sessions.
Dull amber color. Earthy aromas of clay, hay, waxy honeycomb, spiced pear and dates with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, toasty grain and nut driven finish with accents of grass, herb frittata, and kale. A comforting, table friendly offering.
Beautiful midnight copper color. Dense aromas of molasses, chocolate nuts, soy, figs, and peppery spice with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a chewy, grilled citrus, peppercorn, and coffee accented finish. A velvet brick.
Golden straw color. Aromas of biscuit and eggs and white grape with a supple, dryish medium body and a beautifully balanced grassy and peppery hop snap of the finish. A classically styled session lager.
Deep amber color. Aromas of toasted citrus fruit cake, blossoms, and buttery nut brittle with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, refreshing interplay of sarsaparilla, citrus, root vegetable, and peppery hop flavors on the long finish. Very nice.
 Certified Organic 
Bright golden amber color. Delicate aromas and flavors of toasted baguette, praline, and egg custard with a creamy, tangy, frothy, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish displaying accents of pepper, dried fruit, radishes, and root vegetable. A rock solid malty lager.
Hazy amber copper color. Bright fruity grapefruit-like hop aromas with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy grain and tangerine finish. Very nice and stylistically right on money for a US amber ale.
Cloudy golden color. Aromas of caramelized citrus, floral honey, wheat cracker, and a hint of peppery spice with a plush, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body very crisp pear, radish, and prairie grass accented finish. A delicious and refreshing wheat ale that will hit the spot.
Deep russet brown color. Chocolate coffee bean and nuts, tamari, chili bbq rub spices aromas and flavors with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a complex zesty spice, roasted root vegetable, and grilled citrus and pear finish. A decidedly different, vibrant beer that will be great will grilled foods and gumbo.
Cloudy yellow opal color wine a fine ivory mousse. Enticing aromas of spicy apple strudel, cardamom lemon tart, tropical fruit gum, and melon sorbet with a plush fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy spiced apple, potters clay, mint leaf, coriander and spice finish. A Very unique, fun, and flavorful beer that is sure to please; try with Indian food.
Almost opaque brown black color. Zesty citrus peel and chocolate caramel apple aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, mocha nut brittle, and peppery radicchio and Meyer lemon like hop finish. An excellent beer for the table.
Deep old gold color with a minute haze. Resinous hoppy aromas suggest grapefruit, kumquat, and pine sap with a crisp, dryish medium body and a tangy grapefruit and nut driven finish. A rock solid gluten-free IPA that gets it right.
Copper color. Rich, fruity, herbal, dank aromas and flavors of honey roasted citrus, peppery spices, and toasted fruitcake with a chewy, tangy, fruity thick body and a warming, colossal, very long finish conveying impressions of kumquats, grilled mangos, exotic peppercorns, and radicchio. A superbly rich and intense barley with nice complexity of hop and malt character.
Dark reddish mahogany color. Aromas and flavors of pineapple and apricot marmalades on scone and nutty toffee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nicely balanced roasted nut, dried fruit, mineral, and delicate leafy green hops. A rock, solid fruity session brown.
Dark brown black color with a manilla head. Aromas of baker's chocolate, coffee, and toast with a supple, dryish medium body and a crisp, balance between roasted grain, mocha, and grassy, leafy greens like hops in the finish. A great session and food beer.
 Certified Organic 
Dark brown black color. Hoppy aromas of pine, grapefruit, coffee, cocoa, and fruity cake with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chocolate mint, cola, and peppery spice driven finish. Very tasty and sessionable.
Rich amber copper color. Attractive aromas of peppered nuts, stone fruit soufflé and toasted herb muffin with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a vibrantly crisp, drying, and savory, spiced apple, peppercorn, and arugula finish. A snappy, layered session lager that will slice through sausages and pub food like a knife.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate nuts, molasses and scone with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a grainy, dried fruit compote, peppercorn, dried banana and grass accented finish. A beautifully styled and balanced.
Dark brown black color. Interesting piney, barky, sassafras, peppered jerky, and cola sorbet like aromas with a plush, zesty dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, chocolate covered citrus, spice, and buttered herb bread accented finish. Tons of fun, flavorful character for sipping on its own or with rich foods.
Minutely hazy amber color. Aromas of sweet orange marmalade and apple butter on toast and peach vinaigrette on lettuce with a crisp, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, lightly chewy pepper omelet and sprouts accented finish. Quite tasty and refreshing.
Copper brown color. Aromas of fruitcake, roasted nuts and molasses with a chewy, dryish medium body and a lettuce, radish, spiced dried fruit, and earth accented finish. Tasty and very well balanced.
Aromas of toasted peach danish and citrus marmalade with a lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a chewy tropical fruit tart, beet, and grassy citrus hop finish. Nice intensity and balance.
Hazy mahogany red color. Aromas of bbq spiced poultry, melon, and ginger snaps with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a zesty spiced apple, citrus, lit cigar, and toffee finish. Very tasty and complex.
Deep reddish copper color. Aromas of grilled citrus, wet pine and moss, and pepper herb bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, honey roasted carrot, rapini, radish and peppercorn accented finish. A nicely balanced, hoppy red ale.
Deep brown black color. Attractive aromas of spicy carrot cake and cherry cola with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a rich roasted nut, mocha, and sprouts finish. Stylish, flavorful and well balanced; will be great with roasted meats.
Hazy brown black color. Aromas of soy sauce, edamame, and citrus marmalade on cherry scone with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a crisp, hoppy finish with notes of chocolate citrus peels, grassy herbs, and peppercorns.
Deep dark brown color. Rich spicy chocolate graham cracker and pepper jelly aromas and flavors with a velvety fruity full body and a long, artisan chili chocolate bar finish with woody nuts and root vegetables. Fun and very flavorful.
Aromas of honeyed graham crackers, cashews, strawberry milk, and peach marmalade with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a crisp, lemon-herb bread and microgreens-like hop finish. Very fresh, tasty and satisfying.
Copper brown color. Aromas of caramel and maple nut fudges and chocolate citrus peels with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming buttery praline, zucchini-fig bread, and apple brandy accented. A weighty winter warmer with nice depth and balance.
Dark brown black color. Attractive aromas of toasted nut bread and delicate smoked turkey jerky with supple, dryish medium-full body and a roasted, cocoa accented finish. Very nicely constructed and super sessionable; try with ribs.
Black brown color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered figs and nuts, brown sugar, and zucchini bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and rich peppery hop, pumpernickel toast, beet, and chocolate yogurt finish. Very robust and tasty?almost an imperial stout.
Aromas of chocolate drizzled bread and polenta with a soft, chewy fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a savory, creamy tapioca, salty baguette, and baking spice finish. Wonderful.
Deep amber color. Aromas of peach marmalade and lemon peel with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, smooth sweet citrus and peppered kale accented finish. Very tasty and well balanced.
Golden yellow color. Lively aromas and flavors of toasted raisin bread, banana creme brulee, and tortilla chip with a velvety, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, refreshing, medium-long finish imparting elements of caramelized dried fruits, pepper, minerals, and coffee bean. A vivacious and rich flavored lager with great texture, hops, and balance.
Brilliant mahogany color. Bold nut brittle, mango custard danish, and chocolate covered graham cracker aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a toasty coconut custard and dried pineapple finish. A decadent, well balanced dessert beer.
Minutely hazy deep amber color. Buttery peach pastry and custard aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body with a creamy vanilla tapioca, dried citrus, and balancing leafy, peppery hops. A successful marriage of oak, malt and hops. Very nice.
Deep reddish copper color. Aromas of lemongrass, dried flowers, and herb bread with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a frothy pine and citrusy hops driven finish with hints of melon, cocoa nuts, and turned earth. Lively and stimulating in a India brown style.
Slightly hazy amber color. Aromas of dark grain pastries, roasted nut, nori-like hops, and dried fruits with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nice savory, chewy salted baguette and caramelized fruit and nut finish. A delicious and very table friendly beer.
Dark brown color. Delicate aromas of chocolate nuts, dried fruit, roasted parsnip, and vanilla hazelnut coffee with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium length toasted meringue, chestnut brittle, fig pastry, and cocoa puff finish. A rock solid porter with an appealing sweet roasted character.
Golden color. Banana nut muffin and egg sandwich-like aromas with a supple, dryish medium body and a smooth, earthy lettuce greens and radish like finish. Very pure, clean, and tasty.
Rich minutely hazy amber color. Vibrant hop-driven aromas grapefruit, roasted pineapple, pine, and peach pastry with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, grilled citrus, pine sap, pepper and mint leaf nuanced finish. A bold, hoppy wheat IPA hybrid that works.
Bright golden color. Somewhat vegetal aromas of honeyed artichoke and peppered kale with a fruity, frothy medium body and a roasted corn, apricot-quince jam, orange sorbet, and turned earth finish. A rollercoaster.
Murky deep amber color. Attractive aromas and flavors of strawberry rhubarb pie a la mode, clay, and lemon herb bread with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a nicely astringent nut and earthy hop snap on the finish. Tasty.
Rich amber color. Aromas of apricot and grapefruit marmalades, pink peppercorn, and honey buttered raisin scone with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and tangy roasted nut, quince, dried violet, and grassy hop finish. A very nice and sessionable British style pale ale.
Golden amber color. Aromas of apricot marmalade on buttered raisin toast with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and very crisp, citrus, stone fruit and pepper driven finish. A very tasty fruity lager that is sure to please.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of chocolate covered citrus, roasted grains, and nuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, warming pepper and lightly smoky caramelized nut, brown sugar, and radish finish. Excellent flavor and style.
Cola brown color. Mustard, pumpernickel rye, root vegetable, tomato, and piney hop aromas and flavors with a nicely meshed, supple medium body and a vanilla, roasted nuts, chocolate wafer, and lingering peppery hop finish. Nice interplay of rye and hops.
Dark brown color. Rich roasted nut and dark chocolate aromas with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a dried fall fruit, citrus and spice finish. A deliciously vibrant milk stout.
Deep copper brown color. Effusively hoppy aromas of citrus and apricot compotes, squash, and date bread with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and an earthy, tangy chocolate and pepper finish. A nicely balanced double IPA-like strong ale.
Golden amber color. Hoppy aromas of grilled and caramelized tropical citrus on brioche with a supple dryish medium-to-full body and a snappy. bitter, peppercorn chive muffin, radicchio, and grilled turnip accented finish with great astringency.
Dark brown color. Spicy aromas and flavors of cherry cola, peach marmalade on toast, floral spice, and nougat with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a cream white toffee, coriander, pink pepper, candied orange, and arugula-like hop finish. A nice zesty and spicy winter ale that hits the mark.
Dark dark brown color. Lively, roasted aromas of dark pumpernickel toast and roasted nuts with an even, crisp, bubbly, fruity medium-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long grilled romaine, tobacco ash, and dark chocolate finish. An attractive, lightly smoky porter.
Copper color. Explosively hoppy aromas of orange, mango and apricot marmalades on Hawaiian toast,grilled parsnip, and spruce with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long, exotic peppercorn and grilled radicchio like hop finish. A vivacious IPA for hopheads.
Dark mahogany color with tan head. Aromas of scrambled eggs, nut toast, and sweet lettuce with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body with fruit cake, salty roasted nuts, pepper, and mossy earthy. Fun, flavorful and balanced. A great choice for the table.
 Certified Organic 
Golden amber color. Aromas of honey and egg sandwich with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a caramel cream, sea salt and peppery radish-like hop flourish on the long finish. Great layers and zestiness; will be great with spicy foods.
Pale amber color. Hop forward aromas of grilled grapefruit, pine and pepper mesh with fruity, spicy pastry notes. Bold yet supple with a tangy medium-full body and a rich, interplay of citrus hops, savory salty arugula-like greens, wafer, and dried fruits. A great marriage of Belgian yeast and American hops.
Hazy golden yellow color. Mild aromas of chamomile and orange teas and apple turnovers. Soft and silky with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and a banana cream pie and delicate peppercorn bread accented finish. An alluring blend of dry, fruit, and spice notes in a well measured frame. Very sessionable.
Slightly hazy golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of lemon marmalade on banana bread with a tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a shredded wheat, radish sprouts, water chestnut, and mineral accented finish. A clean, tasty, well balanced wheat beer that will cover a lot of bases.
Dark brown black color with a light brown mousse. Aromas and flavors of dark chocolate, roasted chestnuts, fig, pepper, and pumpernickel with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a savory, mole and anise accented finish. Nicely balanced.
Golden amber color. Aromas of raspberry sorbet and multigrain toast with a fruity medium body and a tangy, honeyed dried apple, spice, and raspberry jam on wheat wafer finish. A clean, pure and fruity crowd pleaser for all occasions.
Luminous brown color. Aromas and flavors of toasty vanilla cake, chocolate cherry, cola, and delicate smoked spices with a supple, fruity medium-full body and a chewy, brown sugar, balsamic, grain, smoked peppercorn, and roasted nut finish. Very rich, tasty and balanced.
Deep golden color. Aromas and flavors of frittata, baguette, and grassy hops with a froth, dryish medium-to-full body and a salted radish accented finish. Very tasty and stylish.
Rich old gold color. Aromas of grapefruit and orange marmalades, lemon pepper, wintergreen, and spicy poppyseed muffin with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a zippy lemon scone, pepper, and grass accented finish. Very tasty and super drinkable.
Deep amber color. Aromas of dried grapefruit, dark toast, pepper, and roasted corn with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a nicely astringent grilled citrus, rapini, and pine sap smack on the long finish. Lots of hoppy attitude.
Opaque brown black color. Rich aromas and flavors of chocolate coconut macaroons, roasted nuts, dried fruits, and peppery spices with a vibrant, effervescent, fruity medium-full body and a peppery, involved, medium-long finish revealing accents of grilled root vegetables and pepper with light oak. A deep and flavorful nightcap; give this a bit of time in the cellar.
Deep gold color. Aromas of overripe apples, nougat, and yeasty apple tart with a crisp, fruity medium body and a long, tangy, mouthwatering finish with a notes of citrus jelly of cranberry bread. Tasty.
Pale amber color. Bold apple cider and balsamic vinegar, grilled apple, baked lemon, cheese, and barnyard hay aromas with a tart, lightly carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tart caramelized green apple, molasses and earth nuanced finish. Rich and rustic with a great smoky German riesling wine-like table appeal.
Golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of orange cake, nougat, and herb cracker with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, caramelized peach, herb butter on rye toast, tomato, and radish spouts accented finish. Nice zippy balance and fruitiness.
Hazy golden orange color. Aromas of peach custard pastry, apple-mango chutney, and lemon pepper with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, sweet citrus, radish, and grassy hop finish. Tasty, balanced, and crowd pleasing.
 Certified Organic 
Hazy color. Aromas and flavors of gingerbread, molasses cake, dried fruits, and delicate spices with a silky, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a silky, engaging, medium-long finish that shows notes of dark honeyed raisin toast, roasted nuts, and arugula. A very tasty and sessionable amber lager with nice fruit, grain, and hop notes.
Minutely hazy golden color. Aromas of toasted corn pepper bread, ground almond and hint of mushroom with a supple, dryish medium body and a drying grain flour, salty root vegetable, parchment, and grass accented finish.
Golden amber color. Enticing aromas of caramel apple, butterscotch, and spicy apple sauce with a chewy, fruity medium-full body and a lush, tangy mango yogurt and salted caramel finish. Very tasty, pure and balanced. Try in beer cocktails too.
Brown copper color. Aromas of butter roasted nut brittle, honeyed fruit, and teriyaki turkey jerky with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, honey roasted apple, rapini, and bamboo shoot finish. A nice savory, umami-laden beer that will be great at the table with a wide range of foods.
Black brown color. Aromas of chocolate covered nuts, mocha, and peppery greens with a supple, dryish medium body and tangy citrus, roasted nut, cocoa, and pepper driven finish. Excellent purity, flavor, and balance.
Deep amber color. Aromas of peach butter and mango chutney on biscuits with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a lovely caramelized citrus, nut, and carrot accented finish with balanced peppery hops. A great, vibrantly flavorful and balanced choice for the table.
Rich copper brown color. Aromas dark chocolate mints, pepper, and graham crackers and dark raisin toast with a supple, dryish medium body and a melon sorbet, blood orange peel, and nut finish. Nicely balanced and stylish.
Copper color. Aromas of mango chutney, peach-pineapple cobbler, and roasted grain with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, caramelized citrus, radicchio, and pepper finish. Great intensity and style.
 Certified Organic 
Dark copper bronze color. Smoky peat, herb roasted nuts, and caramelized fruit aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a spicy smoked paprika, grilled carrot, cigar ash, and kale finish. True-to-style smokiness and a great choice for spicy bbq.
Bright golden amber color. Aromas of herb buttered toast, orange and lemon curd with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a drying wave of caramelized fruits and nuts, pepper, baking spices, and greens. A nicely styled and flavorful domestic tripel.
Hazy golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of banana nut and lemon poppyseed muffins with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a delicate honeyed toast, anise, apple, and lettuce accented finish. Very tasty, subtle, and well made.
Dark brown black color. Delicate aromas of chocolate covered fruits, zucchini muffin, and toffee with a satiny, lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery, interesting, medium-long peppery spice, salty dark baguette, sweet potato chips, and espresso finish. A vibrantly delicious and well balanced barrel aged stout.
Dark bronze color. Creamy aromas and flavors of buttery caramel and vanilla toffee with a satiny, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery, captivating, medium length finish with nuances of salted nuts, dried fruit, roasted root vegetables, and pepper. A solid bourbon barrel aged beer.
Hazy pale amber color. Savory aromas and flavors of stewed okra, succotash, and toasted citrus pastry with a supple, racy, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshing, medium length finish with accents of marinated artichoke, dried peach, and lemon marmalade. A distinctive food beer with a lot of earthy savory notes; try with haggis.
Deep amber copper color. Attractive aromas and flavors of toasted baguette, caramelized dried fruit, and cocoa with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a tingling, intriguing, medium-length finish displaying nuances of sprouts, delicate lemon pepper, and roasted grain. A spot on English style pale ale that really nails the style with a fresh, zingy American flair.
Pale clear golden amber color. Tropical aromas of pineapple-mango chutney, gooseberry jam, and peppercorn muffin with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, compelling, medium-length nuts, delicate spice-sage bread, and grassy earth finish. A nice, fruity, easy drinking pale ale.
Bright dark ruby color. Inviting aromas and flavors of warm cherry compote, baked apples, grassy earth, and waxy honeycomb with a silky, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length finish revealing notes of tart cherry, rhubarb, and hint of fancy French milled soap. A very interesting, artisan cherry flavored cider that will be fun to pair with.
Ruby color. Mild aromas and flavors of dried sour cherry with a supple, tangy, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, relaxed finish manifesting touches of apple skin and citrus. A pleasant cherry flavored cider.
Copper color. Aromas of gingerbread, mincemeat pie, and chocolate graham cracker with a velvety, tangy, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length spicy roasted carrots and apples, peppercorn muffin, and nutskin finish. A great combination of savory and spicy flavors with a table friendly balance.
Amber copper color. Aromas and flavors of spiced watermelon, pumpkin cheesecake, and prickly pear jam with a silky, tangy, effervescent, off-dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, involved, medium-length finish displaying nuances of white grape, white strawberry, and mineral. A tasty, well balanced cider with a fun melange of fruit flavors.
Light bronze color. Bright aromas and flavors of milk chocolate toffee and dried apples and figs with a supple, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and an even, elegant, medium-length finish with nuances of chocolate citrus peel and spicy apple sauce. A very tasty, nicely balanced dessert styled cider.
Amber color with floating particles. Mild aromas of toast and dried citrus with a tangy medium body and a melon, starfruit, pepper, and lettuce finish. A pleasant, supple golden ale.
Amber color. Interesting aromas and flavors of Bananas Foster, creme brulee, and onion-quince marmalade with a chewy, fruity medium-full body and a pepper bread toast, brown sugar, and a grilled carrot. More of a strong ale than an IPA, but very tasty and food friendly.
Brown color. Toasty aromas and flavors of chocolate toffee, rye bread pudding, and roasted grain with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with elements of dried fruit, delicate smoked nuts, mocha, and watercress. A delicious and satisfying doppelbock with a great chocolatey character.
Bronze mahogany color. Delicate aromas and flavors of roasted nuts, raisin rye toast, and cocoa with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-length finish that shows accents of mocha, roasted root vegetable, and radish. A very scrumptious and appetizing Octoberfest.
Brilliant copper color. Lively, inviting aromas of buttery caramel and mango preserves on toast with a glycerous, lively, finely carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long roasted nuts and grains, arugula, turnip, and pepper finish. An excellent British styled amber ale with great mouthwatering table appeal.
Bright gold color. Lively, fruity aromas and flavors of dried mango, toasted Hawaiian bread, corn pudding, and cream of wheat with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity body and a seamless, appealing, medium-length finish that exhibits notes of melon, sweet citrus, and toasted nuts. A superbly balanced and refreshing, lighter styled lager.
Golden yellow color. Lively aromas and flavors of cheese popover, braised root vegetable, and roasted pepper with a silky, lively, frothy, dryish medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-long finish with shades of arugula, pepper, citrus, and minerals. A lovely, zesty, and mouthwatering beer that will be great with food.
Dark brown black color. Aromas and flavors of unsweetened chocolate, dark roasted nuts, dried cherry, and latte with a satiny, lively, dryish medium body and an astringent, delightful, medium-long finish conveying shades of chocolate citrus peels and espresso bean. An intensely chocolatey oatmeal with great dryness and length.
Dark brown color. Interesting, delicate aromas and flavors of chocolate covered fruits, mocha nuts, pepper, and celery root with a silky, lively, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and an interesting finish with elements of light citrus, cocoa, and lettuce. A very nicely balanced, light and easy drinking porter.
Dark-Brown color. Mild aromas and flavors of dried tropical fruits, melted toffee, clay, and brown sugar with a supple, frothy, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, engaging, medium-length finish with accents of nut brittle, mocha cream, sprouts, and green coffee. A very nice porter with high drinkability.
Bright clear brilliant light gold color. Delicate, citrusy, floral hoppy aromas of grapefruit marmalade, lemon custard, nougat, and pine with a silky, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, intricate, medium-long arugula, roasted beet, and dried citrus finish. A delicious well balanced ipa that is sure to please.
Brown black color. Interesting aromas and flavors of coffee, chocolate toffee, and pickle with a velvety, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish medium-full body and a mildly astringent, involved, medium-long finish with notes of roasted nuts, watercress, citrus creme brulee, and peppered jerky with light oak. A very nice coffee porter with an interesting range of subtle flavors.
Dark brown black color. Lively, smoky aromas and flavors of grilled grapefruit, roasted nuts, and chocolate yogurt with a velvety, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish full body and a peppery, interesting, medium-long finish that exhibits accents of dark coffee, lettuce, pepper, and minerals. A robust, lightly smoky and peppery stout, well done.
Pale silvery straw color. Pleasant, fruity aromas and flavors of apple blossoms, honeyed apples, and tapioca with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, interesting, medium-length finish displaying suggestions of citrus, starfruit, nutskin, and minerals. A wonderfully dry, zesty cider with just the right amount of fruit.
Minutely hazy pale amber color. Delicate, buttery, toasty aromas of apricot pastry, apple tart, and yogurt with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-length pepper, bitter greens, beets, and honey finish. A solid quaffer.
Hazy copper color. Delicate, toasty, buttery aromas of dried citrus and herbs, roasted parsnips and beets, earth, and bouillon with a satiny, bright, effervescent, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, elegant, long salted caramel, dried mango, and Swiss chard finish. A fantastically savory and appetizing barleywine.
Bright amber color. Rich, fruity, attractive aromas of fruit custard tart and orange marmalade on toast with a chewy, crisp, spritzy, off-dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, layered, long tapioca, pepper, orange blossom water, and nuts finish. A robust, fruity and creamy IPA.
Brilliant mahogany color. Lively, fruity, spicy aromas of melted toffee, fruit cake, sundried tomato, and turkey jerky with a oily, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, intriguing, medium-long honeycomb, pine, and dried grapefruit finish. A full throttle strong ale with a nice wave of hops.
Brilliant copper color. Delicate, spicy aromas of cinnamon roll and fruit cake with a silky, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length vanilla custard, Asian spiced nuts, and arugula finish. A wonderfully balanced and vivacious winter ale with just the right amount of spice.
Brilliant amber color. Rich, sweet, herbal aromas of mango chutney, cannabis, and pine resin with a soft, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long caramelized citrus, herb bread, peppery greens, and vanilla nougat finish. Unique to the IP category, retaining the dry and herbaceousness of a lager with pronounced hops.
Dark-Brown color. Aromas of caramelized citrus and fruity custard danish with a chewy, vibrant, finely carbonated, off-dry medium-full body and a warming, captivating, medium-long citrus and stone fruit marmalades, herbal honey, roasted nuts, and peppercorn finish. A warming, fruity, chewy strong ale with nicely balanced hoppiness that will be great with cheeses and desserts.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Lively, toasty aromas of buttery caramel muffin and roasted nuts with a supple, tangy, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, delightful, medium-length buttered toasted baguette, starfruit, and grapefruit custard finish. A very nice and toasty kolsch with great drinkability.
Clear amber color. Bright, fruity aromas of peach-apple cobbler, lemon frosted scone, and caramel and honey with a glycerous, lively, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, medium-long pepper bread, corn pudding, and arugula finish. A nice fruity, chewy maibock with a nice peppery kick.
Bright golden amber color. Lively, earthy, grassy herbal aromas of tropical fruit pastry, flan, and saltine with a velvety, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length peppered greens, citrus peels, pine, and spiced nuts finish. A bright zesty English ipa with a fruity nod to the states.
Amber color. Bright, fruity aromas of fruit leather and honeyed lemon scone with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, interesting, short kiwi, bibb lettuce, and honey butter finish. A solid quaffer.
Gold color. Aromas of honeyed apricot and peach-apple tart with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, captivating, medium-length honeyed toast, wafer, and starfruit finish. A very attractive peach wheat ale.
Gold color. Aromas of hop pellet, sweet pineapple, and yellow apple with a satiny, lively, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, amusing, long melon, peppery arugula, and resin finish. A nice wheat and hoppy IPA combo with a long resinous finish.
Gold color. Aromas of peach pie, bread and butter, and egg with a silky, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-long banana muffin, kiwi, yams, and pepper finish. A delicious and balanced lightly fruity wheat ale.
Salmon pink color. Aromas of fermenting apples, straw, and Brazil nut with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, interesting, crisp green apple, blood orange, and chalk finish. A vibrant, racy cider with great table appeal.
Dark sunburst color. Bright, sour aromas of powdered cherry candy and lemon vinaigrette with an even, effervescent, sweet and sour light-to-medium body and a prickly, mouthwatering, puckering raisin toast, cherry butter, lemon pepper, and sun-dried tomato vinaigrette finish. A toasty, racy kriek lambic that will be great at the table.
Hazy old gold color. Lively, funky aromas of caramelized peaches, pineapple custard tart, cinnamon cookie, and pepper with a bright, effervescent, fruity sweet medium-full body and a peppery, long rapini, smoked caramelized nuts, and peppercorns finish. A massive beer in every respect, especially bitterness.
Opaque dark brown color. Rich, fruity aromas of toffee, caramelized fruits and nuts, delicate spices, and soy with a supple, crisp, effervescent, very sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long mocha latte, chocolate citrus peels, and pepper finish. A rich and palate stimulating barrel aged imperial stout.
Deep old gold color. Bright baked apple and chestnut honey aromas with a satiny fruity sweet medium-full body and a long, tangy caramelized orange accented finish. A polished and flavorful dessert cider.
Gold color. Aromas of crusty apple pastry and praline with a supple, tangy, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and an even, intriguing, medium-length green apple, delicate spice, citrus, and melon finish. A lively, zesty cider that is sure to please.
Gold color. Aromas of ginger, blueberry, and peppery spices with a supple, tangy, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, appealing, medium-length blueberry and honey finish. A delicious delicately spicy blueberry cider.
Black with a hint brown. Bright black licorice candy, toffee, and toasted soy bean aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and chocolate custard pasty, prune, and lettuce accented finish. Quite tasty.
Minutely hazy deep amber color. Brash aromas and flavors of apricot-pineapple jam, cheese rind, pine cone, and toasted herb bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a very dry and astringent herbal pizza crust, white pepper, and bitter grapefruit pith finish. A robustly bitter IPA for hop heads; try with a shot of bourbon.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of nut fudge, honeyed prunes, spice, and teriyaki nuts with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, tropical citrus, cherry cola, and honeyed radish like hop finish. Tasty; pair with mu shu pork or ramen.
Aromas of toasty orange and peach danishes with a supple, dryish medium body and a long, fine balanced peppered sprouts-like hop finish. Excellent style and sessionability.
Murky brown black color with a light brown head. Dense aromas of melted toffee and honeycomb, dried fruits, roasted vegetables, and clay with a vibrant, fruity sweet medium-full body and a zesty, dimensional tropical citrus, berry, cedar, and spice finish. A intriguing bold and mouthwateringly different IS. Will be great with game.
Bright old gold color. Toasty, fruity aromas and flavors of peach butter and scone with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-length finish with suggestions of peppery greens and radish, minerals, young coconut, and crusty bread. A lovely malty lager that will be great at the table.
Golden amber color. Inviting aromas toasted pretzel bread, fig jam, and herb frittata with a supple, dryish medium body and a long, refreshing finish with notes of nuts, clay, jicama, and buttered herb-pepper baguette. Very well made and thoroughly refreshing.
Hazy copper brown color. Dense, intense aromas of warm caramelized dried fruits, apple-pepper jelly, and dark toast with a chewy, fruity medium-full body and a boozy banana taffy, bubblegum, and parsnip accented finish. Fun.
Bright amber gem color. Lovely aromas of toasted fruit custard pastry and delicate peppery spice with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, mouthwatering citrus soufflé, pepper, and grassy hop flourish. A delicious seamless sipper or table Old World beer.
Rich reddish brown color with a taupe mousse. Aromas of chocolate covered cherries, graham crackers, lemongrass and mincemeat pie with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a root beer float, toasted cherry-berry pastry, and spice finish. A rich, fruity holiday beer that is sure to please.
Dark amber color with a very fine head. Aromas of chocolate, plum, and faint spice cake with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and velvety dried fruit, pepper melon, apple brandy, anise cookie, and lettuce finish. Excellent vibrancy, texture, and range of flavors.
Deep amber copper color. Aromas of chocolate nuts, spun sugar, and fig preserves on toast with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a stone fruit, grass, and peppery hop finish. A satisfying food beer.
Cloudy dark golden amber color. Bold aromas of fruit salad, creme brulee, lemon verbena, and banana nut muffin with a chewy, lively, frothy, fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long exotic spices, mint jelly, and arugula finish. A rich and zesty Belgian amber that will be great at the table.
Dark brown color. Aromas of choke cherry jam, chocolate mousse, and Dr. Pepper, with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a long tangy toffee and pepper accented finish. Delicious and purely flavored.
Golden yellow color. Delicate aromas of peach custard pastry, melon sorbet, and delicate spicy hops with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a toasty grain and corn, apple, radish, and peppered watercress-like hop finish. A clean, refreshing lager.
Very hazy old golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of baklava, tortilla, and apple yogurt with a supple, satiny dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, tangy, starfruit, bread crust,and grassy hop accented finish. A spot on kellerbier.
Old gold color. Toasty aromas of roasted grain and corn, dried fruit, and herb muffin with a silky, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a mildly astringent, lettuce, sprouts, minerals, and honeyed toast finish. A tasty, easy drinking, grain driven treat.
Brown black color with a beige gray head. Aromas of dried tropical citrus, nougat, honeycomb, peppercorns, and pickled okra with chewy, fruity-yet-dry full body and a long, mineral, grapefruit marmalade, pepper and radish sprouts accented finish. Very rich and deeply flavorful.
Pretty pale amber color. Fresh bread crust and light citrus aromas with a crisp, frothy, dry-yet fruity medium body and a wonderfully balanced malt and citrusy hop finish. Excellent.
Aromas of buttered toast, citrus jam, and cashew brittle with a crisp, frothy dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, nicely astringent grassy hop finish.
Lightly hazy pal amber color. Aromas and flavors of spicy caramelized lemon, orange, and kiwi pastry with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, mouthwatering melange of honeyed granola and grassy hops. A delicious wit.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of cream puffs and stone fruits with a crisp, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a kiwi fruit tart and meringue like finish. Very fruit forward and crowd pleasing.
Murky brown color. Aromas of salty roasted nuts and pretzels, cocoa, and clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smoky and piney, herbal hop accented finish. Pleasant and very food friendly.
Brown black color. Dark roasted nut, chocolate, and graham cracker aromas and flavors with a supple, foamy, dryish medium-to-full body and a charred apple and bitter roasted espresso bean accented finish. Commands attention.
Dark brown color with a ruddy cast. Aromas of toasted nut pastry, apple butter, and melted chocolate with a supple, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a honeyed nut, dried fruit, graham cracker, and peppered arugula like finish. A rock solid old ale.
Copper color. Aromas of peach butter on pumpernickel toast with a crisp, dry medium body and an earthy nut, dried fruit, mineral, and watercress accented finish. A spot on dry bitter.
Clear gold color. Lively, interesting, citrusy aromas of spiced oranges, chocolate mint, exotic tropical fruits, and bubblegum with a velvety, lively, fizzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a peppery, complex, medium-long sweet potato chip, spicy chutney, toasted lemon grass pastry, and alpine herbs and grasses finish. An intriguingly spicy Belgian style beer.
Deep copper brown color. Aromas and flavors of caramelized nuts, cocoa, salty pretzel bread, nuts, and elote with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a chewy, honeyed dried citrus and stone fruit, turnip, and grassy hop driven finish. A superb beer for the table.
 Certified Organic 
Pretty reddish copper color. Bright chocolate orange peel, honeycomb, graham cracker, and pine aromas with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, tangy citrus, peppery, grassy hop finish. Very rich and refreshing.
Minutely hazy golden amber color. Lush dried fruit and chocolate macaroon aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a rich, smooth, citrus marmalade and leafy greens-like hop finish. Delicious and super table friendly.
Brilliant deep amber color. Rich aromas of caramelized nuts, vanilla-maple fudge, and fruit danish with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, root vegetable, latte, and peppery hop accented finish. An on the money barrel aged beer.
Bright golden amber color with a rich white head. Rich aromas of spicy fruit pastry, grilled root vegetable and kale with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a hint of golden molasses and buttercream on the peppery, grassy hops finish. A rich and racy, hopped up lager.
Old gold color. Rich, herbal aromas and flavors of oregano, grapefruit marmalade on rye toast, mango yogurt, and pine needle with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity body and an astringent, appealing, medium-length finish displaying touches of grilled root vegetable and peppers, rapini, green peppercorn, and dried apricot. A very savory and balanced IPA that will be great at the table.
Bright golden yellow color. Aromas of peppercorns, arugula, and citrus custard with a super crisp and frothy dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, tangy, fruit bread and grilled root vegetable finish.
Brown black color. Elusive aromas of sassafras, vanilla almond brittle, and chocolate frosting with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and chewy, frothy, roasted root vegetable, minty greens, cola and sweet potato finish. Delicious.
Deep brown color. Aromas of creamy chocolate covered dried peaches and espresso beans with a supple dry-yet-dry-fruity medium-to-full body and a rich, bitter roasted nut, molasses, and citrus accented finish. Very tasty.
Copper brown color. Aromas of dried fruits, roasted grains, and spiced chocolate with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, lightly astringent, spiced apple, roasted nut, and grilled citrus finish. A very refreshing, minutely spiced brown ale.
Aromas of roasted espresso and soy beans and chocolate dried fruits and nuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tangy, chocolate grapefruit peel, burnt chocolate chip walnut cookies and grass driven finish. A richly flavorful and nicely hopped IS.
Dark brown black color. Toasty aromas and flavors of honeyed nuts, dried fruits, and peppery spices with a supple, vibrant, dryish medium body and a silky finish displaying touches of roasted chestnut, sweet lettuce, and minerals. A very pleasant, session dark lager.
Brilliant pale copper color. Grain sack, saw dust, dried apricot and orange aromas with a sourish, frothy medium-to-full body and a pungently peppery and bark like, peach, dandelion and herbal hop finish.
Bright amber color. Aromas of grapefruit marmalade and apricot butter on toast with a crisp, fruity-yet-fry medium-to-full body and a juicy marriage of fruity malt and hops and roasted root vegetable and greens nuances on the finish. A really nice hoppy take on the style.
Dark bronze color. Aromas of roasted grains and root vegetables, spicy banana cake and honeyed dried fruit with supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an apple pie, nougat and greens on the brandied finish. A nice winter warmer.
Deep golden color. Bright aromas of spicy soufflé, pound cake, graham cracker, peach custard danish with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a honeyed baklava, date, and paprika on jicama finish. Very tasty.
Pure copper brown color. Aromas of grilled root vegetables and citrus, dark roasted nuts, and toasted baguette with a supple, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and an elegant, layered finish with notes of sprouts, toffee, honeyed grain, and earth. A great session or table beer.
Beautiful deep amber color. Savory grainy bread, dusty root vegetable, and Swiss chard aromas and flavors with a crisp, frothy medium body and a nicely astringent, honeyed citrus and minerally, leafy hop finish. A very nice food beer that really nails the British IPA hop profile.
Old gold color. Nice dank hop aromas suggest pepper-scallion-oregano bread, mustard greens, and kumquats chutney with a frothy, dryish medium body and a snappy cayenne, radish, rapini, and grilled grapefruit finish. Aggressive hoppy fun.
Bright amber color. Intriguing aromas of cheese rind, oysters, dried fruit, and chocolate pastry with a satiny, dry-yet-dried medium-to-full body and savory beet, caramel, mint tea, and grassy hop finish. A lively, distinctive food beer.
Bright toasted bread and melon aromas and flavors with a supple, crisp medium body and a nut, pepper, and leafy vegetable accented finish. A rock solid quaffer or food beer.
Golden color. bright orange cake, banana bread, and spicy soufflé with crisp, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mint tea, peppery spice, and root vegetable accented finish. A very nice food beer.
Brown black color. Dark pumpernickel toast and cherry butter aromas with a supple, dryish medium body and a creme caramel, nut, grain, and beet accented finish with delicate earthy astringency. A delicately cherry flavored stout with great sessionability.
Pretty copper color. Aromas of bread dough, ground nuts, herbal lozenge and pine cone with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a chewy, bitter, fruit caramel, nutskin, and delicate green bark accented finish. An interesting rustic table beer; pair with rabbit stew.
Pale golden amber color. Attractive aromas of honey butter, ginger and macadamia gelatos with a sweet medium body and a crystallized ginger finish. A nicely balanced, easy drinking ginger beer.
Ruddy copper brown color. Aromas of dark chocolate mousse, roasted nuts and root vegetables, dried fruits, pomegranate molasses and tamari with a dry medium body and a baker chocolate, shittake, turnip, and watercress accented finish. A complex medley of roasted and earthy umami flavors that will work well at the table.
Clear golden amber color. Aromas of peach custard pastry and spicy buttercream on orange cake with a chewy fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy banana, pepper, and spicy carrot cake accented finish. Rich and tasty.
Banana, baklava, and lemon pepper bread aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty, peppery radish, apple, and kiwi accented finish. Very tasty and refreshing.
Faintly hazy pale golden amber color. Aromas of honeyed graham cracker pie crust, chamomile tea, and orange pastry with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamlessly smooth pepper bread and lettuce accented finish. A delicious, well balanced wheat beer.
Cloudy golden amber color. Interesting aromas of toasted banana sourdough bread and kiwi with a frothy, dryish medium body and a crisp, lemon bread and spiced apple finish. A zesty and rather unique hefe that will be great at the table.
Hazy deep amber copper color. Aromas of honey-buttered scone, dried fruit, and toffee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a refreshing, beautifully balanced finish with emphasis on roasted nuts, cocoa, and grass. A great take on the style.
Deep golden amber color with a light lacy head. Grain-driven aromas of malt, dried fruits, nuts, and straw with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a bright citrus soufflé, root vegetable and sprouts finish. Very well balanced and drinkable.
Bright copper color. Aromas of caramelized nuts and fruits, honeyed sourdough toast, and green resinous hop aromas with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy grilled root vegetable, straw, citrus and pepper snap on the long finish. A hophead's delight.
Brilliant deep amber orange color. Fruity aromas of mango-pineapple compote, pine, and pepper bread with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long, medley of grilled tropical fruits, pepper, and a bitter mustard greens. An intense, borderline imperial IPA that delivers the hoppy goods.
Amber brown color. Aromas of dark bread and eggy batter with a chewy, dryish medium-to-full body and a very refined grain, caramel, pepper, dried fruit and cocoa on the finish with nice warmth. Very fresh, well crafted, and refreshing.
Rich amber color. Rich aromas of toffee, mocha and grapefruit creme brulee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a zesty and nicely balanced honeyed kumquat and gooseberry jam on spicy rye toast finish. A tasty, IPA-like twist on the style that hopheads will love.
Rich amber color. Robust aromas of smoked jerky and grilled apple and pear with a plush dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long smoked nut, creme brulee crust, herb, and candied grapefruit zest finish. A delicious and mouthwatering smoky take on the marzen style.
Amber color. Rich toasted baguette and honeyed nut aromas with a tangy, dryish medium and a citrus, melon rind, and earthy wheatgrass accented finish. Rock solid for the category.
Brown black color. Mild aromas and flavors of mustard greens, multigrain toast, dark chocolate mousse, and wood with a satiny, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length finish with accents of roasted root vegetables and arugula. A very nice dry stout.
Dark brown black color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate, grilled zucchini bread and nuts with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a tangy, peppercorn, citrus zest, grassy and chocolate nougat finish. Vibrant malt and hops in a dizzying balance.
Lightly hazy amber color. Toasty grapefruit custard pastry aromas with a round, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, well balanced citrus peel and pepper driven finish with lingering bitterness and astringency. A rich, go-to- IPA.
Golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of peach-raisin chutney, buttercream frosting, and roasted almonds with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nicely balanced sweet and salty pasty and pepper finish. Tasty and refreshing with intriguing layers of flavor.
Bright golden yellow color. Aromas of spicy peach soufflé and pastry with a subtle, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, elegant interplay of chamomile tea, acacia honey, pepper bread and spiced nuts. Delicious and well crafted.
Deep copper bronze color. Aromas of buttery nut brittle, peach butter, and toasted zucchini nut bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, chewy, sweet citrus, arugula and pepper driven finish. A richly layered hop-driven strong ale.
Rich amber color. Aromas of dried fruit, nut brittle and toasty caramel cake with a frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, roasted corn, dried citrus and herb bread accented finish with astringent peppery hops. Very nicely balanced and refreshing.
Amber copper color. Savory aromas of frittata and fresh bread with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a long, seamless balanced finish with hints of roasted nuts, dried fruit and minerals.
Aromas of grilled grains, citrus, and root vegetables have a lightly soapy note with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, well balanced kumquat marmalade, pine sapling, and creme brulee accented finish. A rich, yet elegant and earthy IIPA. Try with carrot cake.
Brilliant golden straw color. Bright, sweet, earthy creamy dank aromas of honey butter, frosted scone, and grilled citrus with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, compelling, medium-long pine resin, peppery greens, and golden beet finish with dusty papery earthy harsh tannins. A deliciously satisfying, nicely hopped golden ale that is sure to please.
Murky deep reddish brown. vibrant aromas of fresh herbs, chocolate nuts, sarsaparilla, and citrus compote with a velvety fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long fruity, zesty peppery finish. Delicious and well balanced malt and hops.
Brilliant dark copper color. Bold, interesting aromas of tropical fruits, pepper, leafy greens and pine, and spice with a satiny, tangy, finely carbonated, dryish medium-full body and a hot, charming, medium-long brown sugar and pepper bread finish. A bold robust ipa with loads of hops and malt.
Hazy copper brown color. Aromas chocolate mousse, cake, and dried fruit compote on artisan cheese with a supple, chewy medium-full body and a warming vanilla custard, cherry, coffee, and pepper bread finish with grassy hops. Nice vibrancy and flavor and balance that will be great with food.
Meaty aromas of dried apricot, pineapple yogurt, artichoke heart with a tangy, dryish medium body and a bitter grilled nectarine and grain, arugula, and grassy hop finish. An earthy, visceral IPA that will be good with food.
Bright old gold color. Nicely sour aromas of Key lime pie, lemongrass, cheese rind, and sour cream frosting with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, spicy pineapple custard, savory grainy bread, sweet mint tea, corn pudding, and exotic peppercorn accented finish. Very different, but fun.
Slightly hazy golden yellow color. Aromas of toasted baguette, orange blossom honey, and pepper-egg sandwich with a dry light-to-medium body and melon rind, earthy radish, and mineral finish. A natural for food, especially sausages and cheeses.
Brilliant amber color. Aromas of grilled pineapple, honeycomb, papaya yogurt and pepper with a round, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy and warming pepper bread, arugula, and roasted nut driven finish. Delicious and a really nails the style.
Minutely hazy light gold color. Bright, attractive aromas of banana bread crust, nougat, and delicate spice with a glycerous, bright, effervescent, fruity medium body and a smooth, captivating, medium-length wafer, grassy earth, and minerals finish. A spot on hefe that is sure to please.
Cloudy sunburst gold color. Aromas of sourdough toast and honey baked citrus and sweet potato with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy kiwi and wheat grass accented finish. A tasty wheat ale.
Hazy amber copper color. Aromas and flavors of floral honey, delicate spice, and raspberry jam on toast with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a superbly balanced grain, nut, and fresh raspberry finish. Delicious.
Minutely hazy golden color. Aromas and flavors of cranberry, peaches, and strawberry ices with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long zesty, lightly medicinal cranberry chutney and wheat wafer finish. Extremely refreshing; try in beertails.
 Certified Organic 
Pure golden color. Aromas of honeyed poached apples and caramel on sourdough toast points with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and zesty, warming lemon pepper, apple eau-de-vie, and nougat finish. Nice vibrancy with a fall fireside appeal.
Bright copper orange color. Rich aromas and flavors of toasted wood and nuts, coconut creme brulee, dried fruits, and cherry pipe tobacco ash with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with overtones of spicy apple tart and earth with light oak. A nice dessert beer or fireside sipper.
Pale straw green color. Bafflingly realistic aromas of maple syrup on pancakes with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, tangy caramelized apple-pear-nut tart and accented finish. A truly unique flavored cider that should be on tap at IHOP. Pair with vanilla ice cream.
Golden yellow color. Bright ginger beer and apple sage bread aromas with a crisp, fruity medium body and a refreshing crystallized ginger, apple sorbet, and pepper finish. Tasty and pure.
Pink color. Fruity aromas and flavors of fruitcake, lemon custard, grilled citrus and romaine, and Italian herbs with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a warming, elegant, long finish with notes of grapefruit marmalade on toast, peppery greens, mincemeat pie, and parsley root. A fun, flavor jammed IPA with a great balance of fruit and hoppiness.
Dark bronze brown black color. Aromas and flavors of peach, apple, and toffee with a silky, tangy, petillant, fruity body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish revealing nuances of touch of greens, honeyed kiwi, hint of peat, and roasted chestnut. A solid Scottish ale with a nice fruity backbone.
Golden color. Bright aromas of fresh sliced honeyed apples, walnut nougat, and Playdoh with a effervescent fruity medium-to-full body and a baking spices, apple sorbet, and grape soda accented finish. A fruity crowd-pleasing cider.
Deep copper color. Aromas and flavors of cocoa powder, kiwi, and roasted peanuts with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a dried banana, flan, and watercress accented finish. Very tasty.
Golden amber color. Aromas of egg, toast, and a touch of fruit with a crisp, dryish medium body and sweet citrus, pepper bread and herbs on the finish. A little too fruity for the style but very clean, satisfying and tasty.
Minutely hazy golden amber color. Aromas of root veggies, herb toast, and pepper with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a roasted nut, peppered lettuce, and grass accented finish.
Black with an amber rim. Aromas of chocolate mint, herbal tea, and spiced nuts with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy cocoa and roasted citrus and stone fruit finish. Nice range of flavors.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of praline, pink pepper, dried cherry, and lightly floral hops with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a creamy cappuccino and honeyed tropical fruit and nut finish. Tasty.
Dark brown with little head and a saffron rim. Attractive aromas of chocolate brownie, Asian spices, and caramelized nuts with a supple, tangy medium-to-full body and a rich, sweet citrus, cream, mocha, and melon accented finish. Very tasty.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of strawberry cider vinaigrette, chocolate nougat, and frosted peach pastry with a slightly sour and fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy toffee, pepper bread, salt and herb accented finish. Different but very tasty, sort of an imperial sour stout. Prepare for a wild ride.
Medium clear bright mahogany color. Bold, interesting, spicy aromas of gherkin, caramelized fruits and nuts, coconut custard, and oak with a chewy, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium-full body and a warming, medium-long toasty pineapple cake, herb muffin, tomato jelly, and fruit brandy finish. A blockbuster barleywine with power and finesse.
Dark brown with a reddish bronze cast. Attractive aromas of caramelized bacon wrapped dates and vanilla custard with a supple, frothy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a grilled pumpernickel bread, radicchio, citrus pith, lemon pepper, and smoked nut finish. Flavorful, fun, and a solid companion for the table; try in a beer float or with German chocolate cake.
Dark brown color. Aromas and flavors of dark chocolate and artisan roasted coffee beans with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy dried mango and peach, and creamy latte finish. Very tasty and elegantly balance.
Dark copper color. Mild, toasty, fruity aromas of chocolate pastry and fruit custard with a oily, bright, effervescent, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a silky, intriguing, medium-long mocha cream, spiced nuts, bread, and radish finish. A smooth, malty, finely balanced pale ale that is more British in style.
Minutely hazy golden amber color. Restrained aromas of toasted bread and lemon marmalade with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a well balanced herbal and peppercorn-like hop finish. Very nicely composed flavors and texture.
Golden yellow color. Fruity caramel spread on toast aromas with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshing kiwi, pepper, and kale finish. Very clean, tasty and well balanced.
 Certified Organic 
Copper color. Aromas of honeyed toast with a hint of cocoa. Crisp and dryish with a medium-to-full body and a zesty dried citrus, melon and peppered greens finish. A great, vibrantly flavorful version of the style.
Minutely hazy mahogany color. Mild, interesting aromas of chocolate toffee bar, bread pudding, roasted corn, and sausage with a soft, crisp, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, elegant, medium-long caramelized citrus, pepper, watercress, and golden beet finish. A vibrant and refreshing brown ale that is sure to please.
Clear copper color. Delicate, fruity aromas of caramelized stone fruit and toast with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and an interesting, medium-length honeyed apple, peach tart, peppered nuts, and arugula finish. A nicely restrained and very balanced IPA with great table appeal.
Deep copper color. Aromas of citrus and stone fruit marmalades on raisin rye bread with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, peppery snap on the finish. A little on the fruity side, but quite tasty and balanced.
Pale amber color. Aroma of honeyed oranges and pears with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and refreshingly balanced honey butter, date, and arugula finish. Very well balanced, nicely fruity and sessionable.
Clear gold color. Mild, vegetal aromas of with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy jicama, pear tart, grassy earth, and turnip finish with no tannins. A great food beer.
Golden amber color. Hoppy aromas of grapefruit custard, oregano, nuts and clay with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy dried apricot, mango sorbet, peppered greens, and spice. A fun, flavorful, west coast take on the style that is sure to please hopheads.
Amber color. Aromas of honeyed toast, dried fruits, and soufflé with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a chewy, candied citrus, grilled root vegetable, and peppery hop snap. Nicely balanced and true to style.
 Certified Organic 
Amber color. Fruity hop and caramelized malt aromas and flavors with a slightly chewy dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a combination of resinous hops and earthy, mineral notes on the finish with a reveal of peppery alcohol. Rather like a sessionable British double IPA in style (if such a thing exists) and a good one at that. Drink up.
Hazy light gold color. Bright, curious, vegetal meaty aromas of stewed veggies, sour cream frosting on old banana cake, breaded veal, and barnyard stable with a supple, shy, effervescent, fruity light body and a seamless, cheery salted brazil nuts, turnip greens, and hominy finish. An earthy rustic food beer.
Minutely hazy light gold color. Delicate, savory aromas of salty roasted nuts, banana yogurt, and vegetable chips with a soft, bright, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, quick praline, spiced apple, and peppery greens finish. A well rounded hefeweizen style wheat ale.
Amber copper color. Attractive aromas of peach custard danish and white toffee with a chewy, fruity medium-to-full body and a creamy apricot flan and peppery spice finish. A big, flavorful take on the wit style.
Pale golden color. Aromas of lemon, apricot, and floral hops with a crisp, dry and slightly sour medium body and a complex and spicy, wheat wafer, jicama, and lemon pepper like hops finish. An interesting slightly spicy, slightly sour wheat ale.
Cloudy mahogany color. Inviting aromas and flavors of toffee, dried citrus, chocolate mousse, and spice with a velvety, tangy, effervescent, fruity full body and an astringent, epic, very long finish with notes of roasted nut, herb, lemon pepper, and pine. A magnificent hop driven barrel aged beer for hop heads.
Clear deep amber color. Aromas of toasted banana bread, rye chip, banana rum cake, and brown sugar with a dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a hot, medium-long toasted coconut, banana chip, and caramelized pear finish. Try aging this beer.
Hazy old gold color. Bright aromas and flavors of honey vinaigrette, toast banana nut muffin, clove gum, and sarsaparilla with a supple, vibrant, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, intriguing, medium-long finish with notes of dried fruits, delicate spice, and honeyed jicama. A delicious, well balanced marriage of honey and malt.
Amber color. Rich aromas and flavors of spicy pumpkin pie and frosted carrot cake with a supple, lively, frothy, fruity medium-to-full body and an even, stimulating, medium length finish with suggestions of toasted sweet potato, toasted pretzel bread, radish sprouts, and roasted squash. A delicious and well balanced pumpkin beer for all occasions.
Brilliant medium light copper color. Rich, peppery, toasty nutty earthy aromas of caramelized nuts, dried fruits, and honey buttered toast with an even, crisp, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, interesting, breezy brown sugar, roasted nuts, arugula, and minerals finish. A spot on session bitter.
Brilliant pale gold color. Bright, attractive, tropical aromas of tropical fruit tart, caramelized citrus, and fresh herb baguette with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length pepper, pine, and honey finish. A nicely, balanced very approachable iipa.
Pale amber color. Inviting aromas and flavors of grapefruit compote, banana flan, and pineapple-mango relish with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, stimulating, medium-long finish with elements of rapini, peppered kale, mineral, and pine bark. Great balance and drinkability.
Cloudy gold color. Lively aromas and flavors of sourdough, dried apricot, citrus, and pine with a supple, vibrant, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an astringent, stimulating, medium-long finish. A great marriage of Belgian yeast and malt with American hops.
Hazy dull old gold color. Rich aromas and flavors of fresh cut pineapple and apple sorbet with a silky, tangy, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a smooth, amusing, medium-long finish displaying notes of honeyed kiwi and orange. A delicious tropical fruit bomb of a cider with great natural flavor.
Amber color. Aromas of caramelized mango and root vegetables, honeyed lemon scone, and brazil nuts with a velvety, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a seamless, compelling, medium-length citrus peel, grass, radish, and bamboo shoot finish. A malty, almost British styled imperial ipa.
Pale silvery straw color. Bold, spicy aromas and flavors of spicy apple-pear pie, menthol mint, herbal tonic, and medicinal bark with a silky, racy, spritzy, fruity medium body and a tingling, nuanced, medium-length finish evoking accents of pear skin and minerals. A robust, wild flavor ride of a pear cider with a distinctive herbal mintiness.
Clear copper color. Delicate, inviting, toasty sweet grainy aromas of toffee and granola with a silky, vibrant, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a graceful, delightful, medium-length roasted nuts and grains, arugula, and pepper finish. A vibrantly delicious and satisfying American style amber ale.
Pale amber color. Delicate, toasty aromas and flavors of root vegetables, peppercorn muffin, and dried tropical fruit with a supple, bright, dryish medium-to-full body and a interesting, medium-length finish conveying overtones of mesclun, honeyed melon, delicate peppery spices, and bamboo shoot. A finely balance and savory lager that will be great at the table.
Gold color. Toasty, fruity aromas and flavors of peach danish, mango gelato, and toasted pound cake with a supple, lively, fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length finish with shades of tropical fruit custard, roasted corn, and delicate spiced nuts. A nice fruity lager that is sure to please.
Copper mahogany color. Delicate, attractive aromas and flavors of toffee, dried fruit, and honeyed toast with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, compelling, medium-length finish that exhibits accents of pepper, nuts, and arugula. A very tasty and refreshing Octoberfest beer that is sure to please.
Deep amber color. Rich aromas and flavors of toasted fruit pastry and banana creme brulee with a supple, vibrant, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, delightful, medium-long finish conveying impressions of honeyed orange, radish spouts, rye toast, and pepper. A nice, well-balanced Octoberfest with great table appeal.
Gold color. Interesting aromas and flavors of vanilla yogurt, mustard greens, and lemon-orange marmalade with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and a graceful, appealing, breezy finish with accents of roasted corn, peppered melon, and mesclun. A very tasty, well rounded pilsner.
Light pink garnet color. Bright aromas of red grapefruit, hibiscus tea, lemon cake, and lavender with a supple, racy, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, compelling, carefree cranberry cider, melon rind, and mineral finish. A elegant fruity rose radler.
Bright golden yellow color. Lively aromas and flavors of herb quiche, dried stone fruits, lemon marmalade, and cornichon with a satiny, tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, nuanced, medium-length finish imparting notes of candied orange, pepper, and earthy radish. A delightfully zesty and refreshing American pilsner.
Bronze copper color. Aromas of molasses cake and toffee with a velvety, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length roasted nuts, peppery spices, and earth finish. A solid, well balanced barleywine.
Opaque brown black color. Lively, interesting aromas and flavors of chocolate banana, nut brittle, and chestnut honey on rye toast with a supple, crisp, medium body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-length finish with notes of espresso, cocoa powder, radish, and pepper. A very balanced and even dry stout with great drinkability.
Hazy brown black color. Meaty aromas and flavors of crispy herbed chicken skin, salty roasted nuts, and chocolate with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length finish revealing overtones of roasted sweet potato, pepper, and dried citrus. A fun, meaty, astringent porter with great table appeal.
Brown black bronze color. Curious aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts, dark toast, and mocha mousse with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length finish conveying notes of watercress, dried fruit, cocoa, and nutskin. A nice appetizing stout.
Dark brown color. Rich aromas and flavors of dark coffee and roasted nuts with a supple, lively, frothy, dry medium-to-full body and a sleek, intriguing, medium-length finish that presents accents of latte and water chestnut. Nice pure coffee flavor, yum.
Opaque dark brown color. Delicate, curious aromas of potting soil, dark chocolate, and burnt coconut husks with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a relaxed rich coffee and coconut gelato finish. A very tasty and balanced flavored porter.
Brown black color. Bold aromas and flavors of caramelized nuts, dark chocolate espresso beans, tropical fruits, and baking spices with a satiny, bright, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a warming, amusing, medium-long finish that shows elements of mocha, root beer float, cedar, and caramelized carrots with light oak. A nicely balanced barred aged coffee flavored porter, well done.
Opaque black color. Bold, spicy aromas and flavors of smoked hot peppers and deep dish pizza with a supple, lively, frothy, saline medium-full body and a hot, delightful, very long finish displaying notes of hot sauce, greens, and wasabi nuts. A wild hot and spicy flavor ride that works.
Minutely hazy gold color. Mild, hoppy aromas of honeyed herb bread, mango chutney, and glazed pineapple with a even, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, compelling, crisp roasted corn and pepper spice finish. An easy drinking, nicely balanced pale with fruity malt and zesty hops.
Clear bronze color. Lively, attractive aromas of chocolate nuts, fig pastry, and spice with a glycerous, crisp, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long lemon peppercorn muffin, roasted grains and nuts, peppered greens, and minerals finish. A superbly balanced and vivacious Scottish ale.
Light amber color. Delicate, fruity, herbal aromas of pineapple marmalade on herb toast and grapefruit curd with a soft, vibrant, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, subtle, long sweet citrus, lemon pepper, and radicchio finish. A spot on IPA with great poise and style.
Medium copper color. Delicate, fruity aromas of lemon cream pastry and peach cobbler with a even, vibrant, fizzy, off-dry medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length salted nuts, chocolate muffin, and peppery greens finish. A tasty, pleasure inducing pale ale with a great hoppy snap.
Clear golden straw color. Lively, herbal, toasty fruity aromas of oregano, baklava, lemon marmalade, and pine resin with a even, vibrant, fizzy, dryish light-to-medium body and an even, captivating, toasted pepper bread, grilled grapefruit, and rapini finish. A robust and satisfying barrage of hops buttressed by malt.
Minutely hazy dark brown color. Rich, earthy, funky aromas of clay, overripe apple, whole walnuts, and raspberry vinaigrette with a silky, shy, spritzy, cloying medium-to-full body and a warming, subtle, medium-length dried cherries and raspberries, toffee, nutskins, and earth finish. A nicely layered Belgian ale with appealing wood tones.
Bright pale amber color. Bright, floral, fruity herbal aromas of lilac, mango-pineapple relish, and rosemary and thyme with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, nuanced, medium-length nutskin, beet, watercress, and mint jelly finish. Lovely delicate example of a British IPA, fruity, herbaceous and approachable.
Minutely hazy copper color. Lively, fruity aromas of fruit cake and orange marmalade on rye toast with a even, tart, bubbly, fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, long grilled citrus and radicchio finish. A vibrant hopped pale ale with an Anglo-American flair.
Clear amber color. Delicate, interesting aromas of caramel, overripe mango, apricot pastry, and chicken skin with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length peach yogurt, corn bread, wet grain sack, and pepper finish. A nice, vibrant Irish that will be a good match for fried foods.
Brilliant copper color. Delicate, buttery, fruity aromas of orange buttercream, toasted brioche, and pepper bread with a soft, soft, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, compelling, medium-length grapefruit custard, radicchio, and peppery spices finish. A great creamy strong ale with lots of fruity malt and hop flavors that are sure to please.
Brilliant brown color. Rich, inviting aromas of pretzel bread, artisan dark chocolate, and salted nuts with a soft, bright, fizzy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long roasted carrots, honeyed dried fruits, and peppery greens finish. A great winter warmer with superbly savory streak.
Hazy dull amber color. Delicate, sweet aromas of buttery roasted nuts, toasty peach danish, and caramel apple with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length mesclun, orange, and pepper finish. A toasty, fruity and zesty ale with fine balance.
Copper color. Aromas of sourdough toast, frittata, turnip, and dried fruit with a supple, lively, frothy, fruity medium-full body and a warming, amusing, medium-long orange marmalade, cherry soufflé, and pepper muffin finish. A rich, chewy, well crafted Belgian styled ale.
Brilliant bronze color. Lively, fruity, earthy yeasty aromas of berry vinaigrette and apple sourdough bread with a silky, crisp, effervescent, very sweet full body and a peppery, complex, long arugula, gravel road, pepper, and turnips finish. A big, brawny beer with a bite.
Clear golden amber color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of banana nut muffin, orange blossom honey, and herb baguette with a velvety, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length arugula, peppercorns, stone fruit custard, and brown spices finish. A very fun and flavorful saison with nice dollop of hefeweizen character.
Pale golden amber color. Bright, fruity aromas of peach soufflé, rapini, toasted pepper bread, and dandelion with a silky, crisp, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a tingling, captivating, breezy banana nut muffin, salted cashews, and peppercorns finish. A nicely astringent, hoppy saison with good dimension and warmth.
Clear gold color. Mild aromas of honeyed apples and banana chips with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy jicama, pear tart, grassy earth, and turnip finish. A great food beer.
Clear gold color. Lively, spicy, herbal aromas of grilled pineapple, herb pepper bread, and grapefruit custard with an vibrant, effervescent, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length bitter greens, pepper, herbs, and cucumber finish. A rich and tasty imperial ipa with nice balance and drinkability.
Bright clear brilliant light gold color. Bright, toasty, herbal aromas of cannabis, buttered lemon herb muffin, and salty toasted nuts with a supple, vibrant, dryish light-to-medium body and a polished, engaging, breezy toast, arugula, dried tropical citrus, and pepper dust finish. A refreshingly dank and fruity, hoppy session styled ipa.
Gold color. Aromas of cream, pastry, and dried fruit with a round, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, medium-long brown sugar, bread pudding, and lettuce finish. Complex and elegant.
Bright gold color. Rich, attractive aromas of caramelized citrus and nuts, peach danish, and mint with a soft, crisp, bubbly, off-dry medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length roasted nuts and earth finish. A subtly spicy wheat with an attractive easy drinking style.
Gold color. Aromas of dried peach, peach cobbler, and green tomato with a satiny, tangy, effervescent, saline medium body and a seamless, complex, long Meyer lemon and cornichon finish. A savory, slightly sour, very mouthwatering peach ale that will be fun to pair with.
Gold color. Aromas of honeyed apple and delicate spice with a supple, tangy, petillant, off-dry medium body and a polished, medium-length melon, citrus, and vanilla finish. A delicious, fruity, and lively apple cider.
Brilliant gold color. Delicate, fruity, nutty aromas of grilled citrus and pine with an even, crisp, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy roasted root vegetables and plantains, garlic bread, rapini and ramps finish. A very well balanced pale ale sipper.
Clear walnut color. Rich, phenolic, savory roasted malty aromas of chocolate berries, orange marmalade on sourdough toast, and birch beer with an even, tangy, finely carbonated, sweet-and-sour medium-to-full body and a graceful, complex, medium-long craisin and dried sour cherries, toasted pumpernickel and rye cracker, and cocoa finish. Not really a weizen bock, more of a sour dark Belgian ale, and a very good one.
Clear dark copper color. Mild, earthy aromas of dried citrus, chocolate yogurt, and champagne grapes with a soft, tangy, effervescent, sweet medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length roasted tropical fruits, apple cider vinaigrette on greens, hearts of palm, and salted caramel finish. An appetizing, lightly sour red ale that is sure to satisfy.
Minutely hazy old gold color. Lively, toasty aromas of corn and pretzel breads, caramelized nuts, and vanilla pancake with a soft, bright, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long figs and dates, cocoa, arugula, and pepper finish. A nice arc of flavor from beginning to end.
Pale straw color. Pleasantly spicy and yeasty green apple aromas with a crisp, petillant fruity medium body and a refreshing lemony snap on the finish. A clean, delicious, effortlessly drinkable cider that is a dead ringer for a Normandy cider.
Pale hazy amber color. Earthy, citrusy aromas of apricot cider and lemon vinaigrette with a silky, tart, effervescent, moderately sweet medium body and a tingling, elegant, long grilled romaine and melon, reduced lemon, fleur de sel, and artichoke heart finish. A vivacious and mouthwatering lambic that will be great with foods.
Gold color. Aromas of lychee and tropical fruit salad with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, breezy peach seltzer finish. A very tropical, fruity sweet cider.
Clear light gold color. Bright, fruity, spicy buttery aromas of apple tart and sorbet and apricot gelato with an even, tangy, spritzy, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length green apple, lemon ice, pear juice, and minerals finish. A super clean and fruity cider that is sure to please.
Clear light straw green color. Bright, sour, funky smoky aromas of rustic cheeses, peppered root vegetables, lemon vinaigrette, and haystack with a supple, vibrant, petillant, dryish light body and a tingling, interesting, relaxed nut skins and shells, apple and tomato core, leather, and dried herbs finish. A wonderfully dry, earthy, and funky brettanomyces influenced cider.
Golden amber color. Attractive aromas and flavors of vanilla mint bark, spiced grapefruit, pine blossoms, and ramps with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an astringent, medium-long finish revealing notes of mango chutney, pepper, radicchio, and radish. An intense, well balanced IPA that hophead will love.
Straw yellow color. Aromas and flavors of pretzel bread, roasted corn, and delicate soufflé with a frothy, dry medium body and long, crisp finish. Very satisfying and balanced.
Mahogany brown color. Aromas and flavors of creme brulee and praline with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chocolate covered dried fruit, molasses, and grilled root vegetable finish. A stylish food beer.
Hazy light gold color. Delicate, tropical, sweet piney herbal aromas of banana flan, spice cake, citrus compote, and seaweed salad with a velvety, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, captivating, medium-length panettone and arugula finish. A nicely balanced, very crushable white ipa.
Copper color. Aromas of grainy toasted bread, chocolate, and nuts with a dry medium body and a grainy, pepper bread, salty butter roasted nut, and grassy hop finish. A nice British-styled amber ale that is very sessionable and food friendly.
Muddy brown color with a lingering taupe head. Aromas and flavors of baker's chocolate and coffee gelato with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a dried cherry, nut brittle, pepper, and spice driven finish. Tasty.
Dark brown color. Aromas of grainy flour, chocolate roasted chestnuts, honeyed greens, and faint dried meat with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, peppercorn, honeyed radish. cocoa, and grassy, barky earth nuanced finish. Quite tasty and engaging.
Cloudy golden amber color. Classic fresh spicy banana nut bread aromas with a supple, dryish medium body and a crunchy apple and grassy earth accented finish. Well styled and very tasty.
Very dark brown color Husky aromas of grain, mocha, dried fruit, and nuts with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a zesty cocoa, flour, and peppery hop accented finish.
Slightly hazy gold. Mild aroma of banana bread, wheat cracker and jicama with a crisp, plush dryish medium body and a long, mineral and sprout-like hop finish.
Beautiful sunset orange color. Zesty hoppy aromas and flavors suggest caramel orange cake, lemon pepper, and pine with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a lightly phenolic, charred nut, melted wax, peach custard, and pine needle nuanced finish.
Deep reddish mahogany color. Dried citrus and berries, roasted nuts, and creme brulee crust aromas with a dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, fruity roasted grain and nut finish. Very seriously styled.
Golden amber color. Aromas of ham omelet and honey buttered toasted pretzel roll with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy citrus custard tart and pepper-herb bread finish. Very tasty.
Cloudy copper bronze color. Vibrant aromas of wet grain, clay, roasted corn pudding, and banana nut bread toast with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and spicy apple turnover and citrus custard accented finish. A fun, snappy dunkel weiss.
Minutely hazy deep copper color. Aromas of butter roasted nuts, chocolate orange peel, and peppercorn muffin with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long, honeyed raisin toast, herb and pepper. Very tasty and balanced.
Brilliant pale light old gold color. Mild, floral, herbal aromas of orange blossoms and marmalade, roasted sweet potatoes, herbal honey, and pine bark with a glycerous, lively, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, appealing, medium-length tropical fruit custard, roasted nuts, grilled root vegetable, and peppered kale finish. A nicely balanced and very sessionable ipa.
Brown black color. Hint of smoked meat and nuts and dried cherries on the nose with a supple, chewy dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tangy, dried citrus and pear, beets, mocha, and peppery grassy hops. A fun bbq beer.
Brilliant amber color. Buttery caramelized nut, pastry and fig aromas with a supple dryish medium body and a honeyed chocolate nut, lettuce and earth hop finish. With it's rather mild hops it not very IPA like, that being said it is delicious and super sessionable.
Deep brown color. Very mild aromas suggest toffee and fig with a crisp, dryish medium body and a cola and cocoa, grassy hop accented finish.
Golden amber color. Complex aromas of overripe peaches and pineapples, nougat, and dank greens with a vibrant, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and an astringent, refreshing, mango custard, kumquat, pepper, and leafy greens finish. A very nicely balanced, fruity IPA with a nice fresh, green and tropical fruit hop character.
Hazy deep amber color. Mild aromas and flavors of toasted nuts and toasted bread with a chewy, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting finish evoking nuances of dried fruits, pepper, arugula, and caramelized nuts. A thick chewy IPA with a nicely restrained hop character.
Bright golden color,. Aromas of banana yogurt and sourdough with a racy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy lemon sorbet, tart green grape skin, wafer and grassy earth finish. A nice, evenly balanced and very approachable version of the esoteric, very tart style. A great summer beer.
Grapefruit, custard and praline with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a lightly vegetal and grassy hop finish.
Dark chestnut brown color. Aromas of caramelized Brazil nuts, cocoa, and root beer with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, dried fruit compote and field greens-like hop finish. A balanced, "easy drinking" imperial Baltic porter.
Brown black with a golden rim. Aromas and flavors of smoked bacon, dark chocolate, smoked gouda, pipe tobacco ash, and toasted raisin bread with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, lingering, grassy, minerality hop accented finish.
Amber copper color. Aromas of caramel nuts, fruitcake, and egg with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and molasses and hoppy citrus notes on the drying, lightly bitter finish. A solid session lager.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of banana taffy and toasted pastry with a supple fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, tropical fruit sorbet and citrus marmalade finish. Very tasty.
Bright pale amber color. Delicate, citrusy, dank earthy grassy aromas of lemon marmalade on toast, orange cream brulee, floral honey, and pine with a satiny, crisp, fizzy, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length honeyed herbs, nutskin, and earth finish. A well balanced "old school" American pale ale.
Opaque dark brown black color. Bright aromas and flavors of chocolate nougat bar, fig cookie, and mocha with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, relaxed finish displaying notes of root beer float, chestnuts, and arugula. A tasty, appetizing dark brown ale.
Dark brown color. Aromas of peach danish, Mexican chocolate covered cherries, and lemon cake with a silky, dryish medium body and a smooth, even toasted hazelnut, apples skin, and kiwi finish. Tasty.
Black with a saffron rim. Boozy aromas of Asian pear, wintergreen, and apple tart with a thick, chewy full body and a warming, pepper, tamari, salted caramel and chocolate nut finish. A rich complex barleywine.
Brilliant light yellow straw color. Muted, buttery aromas of roasted corn, baked fruits, and toast with a supple, soft, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, crisp banana muffin, kale, pepper dust, and canned fruits finish. Not really a pale ale, more of a cream ale or even lager, but nicely quaffable.
Lightly hazy golden amber color. Robust multigrain nut bread aromas have a hint of dried fruit and honey with a finely carbonated medium body and lovely peppercorn, radish and grass hop flourish on the long, refreshing finish. A great visceral Germanic pilsner.
Dark walnut color. Mild, creamy aromas of chocolate, fresh bread, and roasted corn with a silky, soft, finely carbonated, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting, buoyant buttered nuts, greens, and light pepper finish. A clean, refreshing and nicely chewy dark lager.
Fruity vinaigrette on mesclun and grilled citrus and bread aromas with a supple dryish medium-to-full body and a long, zesty grilled fruit, salted pretzel bread, and peppery hop finish. Nice balance and vibrancy.
Deep golden amber color. Aromas of spinach omelet, lemon rind, and pretzel bread with a supple, frothy, dryish medium-to-full body and a long, zesty radish sprouts, beet, nectarine and brioche nuanced finish. A nice lively take on the style.
Deep brown color. Aromas of pickled okra, leek, chocolate and turnip with a crisp, dryish medium body and a sweet toffee and spicy hop finish.
Rich old gold color. Aromas of roasted corn and kale with a crisp, dryish medium body with good carbonation and a pleasant toasty, herbal and peppery hop snap on the finish. Very quenching.
Copper bronze color. Aromas and flavors of spicy pumpkin and spiced nuts with a creamy, vibrant, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a bitter, medium-length finish with impressions of roasted nuts, coffee, fig, and rapini. A tasty, nuanced spice beer.
Pale amber color. Aromas of toasted raisin bread with a touch of honey butter. Soft and frothy with dry light-to-medium body and on the finish a hint of creamy vanilla and water chestnut. An on the money cream ale that will deliver easy-drinking good times.
Minutely hazy light gold color. Delicate, spicy aromas of mint jelly on scone, peppercorn muffin, and fruit compote with a soft, bright, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, charming, snappy kiwi custard, melon, and lemon pepper finish. A well made and flavorful saison with a nice balance of spice, dry and sweet notes.
Hazy orange amber color. Aromas of spiced peanut, grilled fruits, and a touch of latex with a chewy, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, honeyed citrus and peppercorn driven finish.
Hazy golden yellow color. Yeasty dough and nut aromas with a supple dryish medium-to-full body and pleasant hints of sugared fig, earth and biscuit on the finish. A very convincing gluten free take on the popular Belgian blonde style.
Old gold color. Attractive aromas and flavors of cream puff and herb pretzel bread with a supple, vibrant, frothy, dryish medium body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-length finish with elements of roasted corn and turnip, pepper, arugula, and grapefruit. A nice hoppy golden ale with refreshing bitterness.
Bright brilliant clear yellow straw color. Lively, interesting aromas of carrot, melon soufflé, melba toast, and squash with a soft, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, refreshing, medium-length honeyed jicama, starfruit, and sprouts finish. An interesting slightly fruity, slightly rooty beer.
Minutely hazy light gold color. Bright, inviting, toasty floral aromas of spice cake, peppercorn muffin, and banana chips with a soft, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, breezy wafer, roasted root vegetables, mint, and salt finish. A nice chewy saison with fine table appeal.
Brilliant amber color. Robust aromas of roasted root vegetables, herbal hops, and citrus pastry with a round, dryish medium-to-full body and a lingering spiced jicama, okra and mineral finish. A great food beer.
Brilliant deep amber color. Attractively fruity aromas of grapefruit and apricot marmalades on raisin toast with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a lightly phenolic root vegetable, roasted grain, watercress, molten plastic, and grass finish.
Deep brown black color. Aromas of chocolate covered coffee beans and hazelnuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, carob rice bar, coffee and nut driven finish. Vibrant and refreshing; will be great with moles.
Golden color. Aromas of scrambled eggs and raisin toast with a crisp, dryish medium body and a zesty, citrus, dried apple, pepper and grass accented finish. A delicious and vibrant session lager.
Murky amber brown color. Vibrant aromas of honey buttered raisin toast, caramel sauce, and banana nut cake with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nice interplay of toasty grain and nut, dried fruit, and delicate spice notes on the finish. Quite different and nicely so.
Pale amber color. Aromas of honeyed toasted zucchini bread, marmalade and buttery nut brittle with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, leafy green hop and peppered rapini accented finish.
Rich amber color. Aromas of toasted baklava, chives, caramelized fruits and peppers with a tangy, fruity, medium-full body and a zesty spiced lemon cake, nut, exotic peppercorn, and earth accented finish. Great fruity-driven vibrancy and drinkability in a "lighter" style of barleywine.
Deep brown black color. Aromas of chocolate mousse, roasted nuts, candied lime, and cherry yogurt with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a tangy, grainy, burnt sugar and nut and peppered kale finish.
Rich vanilla cream, candied ginger, yuzu gelato, and piney herbs notes aromas with a supple, chewy, dry-yet-fruity full body and a cherry bonbon, medicinal herb and bark, Asian tea, pine sap and cedar finish. A bold in your face barleywine that demands attention. Will be better with some age.
Golden amber color. Vibrant aromas of pineapple marmalade and apricot custard with a fine foamy, dryish medium body and juicy, even, pine and juniper jelly on toast accented finish. A very nicely balanced pale ale. with all the hops you want, without the bitterness
Hazy deep golden amber color. Interesting spicy aromas of omelet, peach-pepper jelly, orange sorbet and balloon with a frothy, fruity-yet-dry full body and a spicy fruit gum, pastry, and peppery hop flourish on the finish. Deliriously fruity and vivacious.
Deep brown black color with a dark amber saffron rim. Roasted grain and chocolate covered nut and cherry aromas with a supple, dryish medium body and a creamy dark roasted latte and toasty praline finish.
Deep reddish copper color. Bright aromas of figs, dates, chocolate, and nut bread toast with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a grainy, earth hop finish. Tasty.
Deep amber copper color. Aromas of spicy apple pie and butter roasted nuts with a supple, chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a tangy, caramelized citrus, dried peach, and peppery spice finish. A delicious fireside winter warmer; or pair with goose.
Pale amber color. Earthy and fruity aromas of soy, roasted root vegetable, honeyed orange with a supple dryish medium-to-full body and a peppered spinach and succotash like hop and malt finish. A nice food beer.
Golden amber color. Rich fruit danish, and peppery, spicy hop aromas with a supple, dryish medium body and a grilled parsnip and a grassy, radish-like hop finish.
Pale amber color. Aromas of dried apricot, lemon muffin, and savory herbal soufflé with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a body peppered arugula and grilled orange and beet like finish. Very nice and super quaffable.
Black brown color. Vibrant buttery oatmeal, dried stone fruit, aged balsamic, melted toffee aromas with a supple, chewy dry-yet-fruity medium-full and a mocha pudding and molasses roasted nut finish.
Rich amber color. Aromas of smoked nuts and chili chocolate with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a honey grilled apple, radish, mineral and cocoa finish. Tasty and a must try for bbq.
Pale golden color. Aromas of toasted brioche with lemon curd with a crisp, dryish medium body and spicy peppery hop snap on the finish. Very tasty.
Deep copper brown color. Lightly smoked dried meat, graham cracker, and Mexican chocolate aromas with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and dried fruit, spice and peppery radish finish. A nice spicy doppelbock.
Floral, spicy hop leads aromas of grapefruit, pine sap, and melon with a supple, very dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, bitter, barky hop, grilled root vegetable, and peppery arugula like finish. A hop dominatrix of an amber ale.
Yellow with a slight haze. Complex aromas citrus marmalade, pistachio nougat, and spicy fruit tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a watercress, praline and mineral finish.
Rich mahogany red color with a fine taupe mousse. savory aromas of roasted chestnuts, brown sugar, sourdough rye, and salted caramel with a silky, dryish medium body and a crisp, roasted grain, straw, and mineral driven finish. A fine example of a dry, highly drinkable and table attuned Belgian amber ale.
Rich chocolate roasted pecan pie and singed raisin bread aromas and flavors with a chewy, fruity full body and a dark roasted grain, chocolate covered orange peel, radish, tomato paste, mocha, and mineral accented finish. A brash Belgian strong ale.
Deep orange amber color. Dank hoppy aromas of toasted tortilla, grilled citrus, and polenta and salted nuts with a supple, dryish medium body and a radish, golden beet, pepper, soapy cilantro, and citrus rind finish.
Murky amber copper color. Aromas of baked pear and lemon, peppercorns, butter roasted nuts, and herb banana bread with a finely foamy dryish medium body and a hint of spearmint, tea, and lettuce greens-like hops on the finish.
Bright golden color. Sweet spicy custard pastry aromas and floral honey aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a frothy, pear, watercress, wintermint, and peppery spice finish. A refreshing take on the style.
Pale amber color. Aromas of fresh nut bread, roasted corn, orange blossom honey, and dried tree fruit with a crisp, dryish medium body and a nicely astringent and foamy rapini, nut, and earth finish. A spot on session bitter.
Lightly hazy old gold color. Pleasant aromas of spicy banana bread pudding and buttery toasted nuts with a plush, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangerine, starfruit, and peppered melon accented finish. A fun, lively wheat ale.
Cloudy yellow orange color. Toasty citrus-peach pastry aromas and flavors with a creamy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a banana pudding, radish sprouts and delicate pepper finish. Very elegant and well crafted.
Deep chestnut brown color. Rich mocha nut fudge and artisan chocolate macaroon aromas with a zesty, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a frothy, snappy, pepper, dried citrus, pear, and earth accented finish. Very robust, yet balanced.
Hazy golden amber color. Lively, toasty aromas of French toast, caramelized nuts, and banana cake with a supple, soft, fizzy, fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length radish spouts, treacle, lettuce, and minerals finish. A rich and rewarding hefeweizen that can stand up to hearty foods.
Slightly hazy old gold color with a fine foamy blanket. Aromas of banana custard, nut toast, and a touch of cider vinegar with a creamy, dryish medium body and a tangy plantain, citrus, wafer, and grassy hop accented finish. A nice lively hefe style that will be great at the table.
Bright gold color. Rich, toasty aromas and flavors of fresh herb baguette and salty butter roasted nuts with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, captivating, medium-length finish that exhibits accents of dried fruit, peppery spices, and arugula. A wonderfully vibrant, flavorful, and refreshing lager that is sure to please on its own and with food.
Clear golden amber color. Aromas of banana chip, wafer, pepper bread, and radish with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy, mineral and delicate spiced plantain custard finish. Solid.
Bright copper color. Aromas of toasted fruit bread and yogurt glazed nuts with a taut, tart dry medium body and an effervescent citrus, rhubarb and pepper accented finish. A solid food beer.
Aromas of lit match, melted candle, Greek lemon soup, and peach bread toast with a very tart dry medium-to-full body and a kumquat juice, pepper, nut, and kiwi skin finish. A rustic sour beer with intriguing twists and turns. Serve with hearty food.
Cloudy pale amber color. Aromas and flavors of circus peanut and toasted banana nut bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a delicate spice cookie and radish sprouts accented finish. Tasty.
Hazy gold amber color. Aromas of nectarine skin, white strawberry, and white wine vinaigrette of mesclun with a tart, dryish medium body and a mouthwatering citrus peel on scone finish.
Brown black color. Aromas of chocolate coffee bean, nut and orange peel, and fruit cake with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, grapefruit, roasted chestnut, and pine accented finish. A nice emphasis the malt and balance for drinkability here.
Pale yellow straw color. Aromas sweet honeyed apple, apple chip, and baby oil aromas with a fruity, frothy medium body and a super clean and refreshing honeycrisp apple flavor with a kiwi accent. Very tasty.
Old gold color. Lively, fruity aromas and flavors of pineapple pastry, orange blossom honey, and pear sauce with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, captivating, medium-length finish that presents notes of bitter greens, pepper, and nutshell. A rock solid pilsner with pleasing bitterness on the finish.
Copper. Aromas of fruity caramel and raisin scone with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and crisp, caramel apple, watercress and peppery hop snap on the finish. Very refreshing and will be great with sausages.
golden color. Aromas of nectarine soufflé, nougat, and rye toast with a crisp, dry medium body and a tangy, mineral, grain, chestnut, and pepper dust finish. A very nice and dry lager that will be great with food.
Amber color. Aromas of chocolate, orange blossom honey on muffin, grape, and salted nuts with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a frothy, zippy, peppercorn, peach and radish sprouts accented finish. Nice fruitiness.
Cloudy sunrise orange amber color. Lovely aromas of orange and peach marmalades on croissant with a supple, lightly carbonated dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nicely astringent, citrus soufflé, arugula and peppery radish-like hop finish. Very refreshing and food centric.
Pure golden color. Aromas of apple bread and nectarine soufflé with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp citrusy, grassy hop and melon custard accented finish. Solid.
Pale golden color. Aromas of toasty bread, roasted corn, lemon zest with a robust, dryish medium-to-full body and a zesty interplay of toasty malt, citrus curd, and grassy earthy hops. Refreshing.
Dark brown color. Rustic aromas and flavors of horse blanket and hay, butter praline, fruity caramel, herbed cheese rind, and chocolate coffee bean with a vivacious medium-full body and a lingering char-roasted nut, pepper and grassy earth finish. A wild and wooly, rather farmhouse-like porter that will be great with hearty meals.
Deep copper brown color. Aromas of okra, root vegetables, cola, buttered roasted nuts, and peppery spice with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, grilled fruit, honey, root beer, and spice finish.
Dark brown color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered fruits, nuts and grain with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nicely balanced, toasted raisin bread, caramel, and radish greens notes on the finish.
Deep copper color. Aromas of grilled root vegetables and kale, peppercorn, and fruity caramel with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, well balanced with surprisingly well hidden alcohol.
Murky copper color. Bold exotic tropical fruity and herbal "hop pellet"-like aromas and flavors with a plush, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, herb and pepper bread and peppered kale finish. Very distinctive.
Brown in color. Creamy milk chocolate bar and granola aromas with a supple, well carbonated medium-to-full body and a tangy, carob, dried fruit, root vegetable and tobacco driven finish. A solid, tasty stout for all occasions.
Clear old gold color. Lively, fruity, floral aromas of peach tart, lemon pepper muffin, pickled Brussels sprout, and honeycomb with a chewy, lively, effervescent, sweet light body and a tingling, charming, long roasted lemon, gherkin, apple cider vinaigrette, and toasted tomato focaccia finish. A rich and savory gose that will excel at that table.
Attractive aromas of salted caramel, smoky mole sauce, and cinnamon raisin toast with a supple, dryish medium body and a roasted nut, apple wood smoked peppercorn, peat, and watercress accented finish. A nicely balanced, lightly smoky beer for bbq brisket and smoked meats and fish.
Brown color. Aromas of chocolate caramel and maple nut fudge with a supple, dryish medium body and a rich, roasted grain, cocoa powder and root vegetable accented finish with leafy green hops. A great food beer.
 Certified Organic 
Brilliant pale amber color. Bright, interesting aromas of caramelized pineapple, garlic-chive bread, and peach custard with a velvety, bright, spritzy, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, delightful, medium-long orange creme brulee, arugula, pepper, and parsley root finish. A fruity IPA with balancing bitterness and a savory swagger.
Dark brown black color with a tan head. Aromas of soy, buttered grilled bread, and chocolate orange peel with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a tart, bitter cocoa, pepper and radicchio finish.
Bright copper color. Delicate, fruity aromas of fruit nut pastry and cocoa with a supple, bright, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an even, medium-length greens, grain, nutshell, and earth finish. A very appealing and sessionable amber ale.
Slightly hazy golden color. Aromas of fresh toast, honeycomb, and dried citrus blossoms with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, orange and melon, pepper, nut, and root vegetable accented finish. A racy, savory food beer.
Hazy light amber color. Lively aromas and flavors of grapefruit marmalade, spruce tip, lemon pepper, and herb focaccia with a supple, crisp, frothy, dryish medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, stimulating, medium-length finish that exhibits notes of peppery spice, rapini, orange peel, and turnip. A zesty, flavor-packed IPA with good sessionability.
Dark russet brown color with a fine taupe mousse is very atypical of the singel style. Aromas of molasses, pepper muffin, and sassafras with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a dried fruit, sprouts, and mesclun accented finish. Different, but nice.
Minutely hazy copper color. Lively, toasty, fruity aromas of peach danish, caramel apple, and praline with a even, vibrant, fizzy, off-dry medium body and a tingling, medium-long peppery greens, dried lemon, and nutshell finish. A lively IPA with fine UK-like balance and prominent astringency.
Brilliant copper color. Aromas of cashew and almond butters on toast with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body with a warming peach compote, praline, pepper, and radish finish. Very tasty with a chewy texture and kick befitting a bock.
Gold color. Aromas of banana lemon muffin and toasted nut with a silky, frothy, dryish medium body and a polished, refreshing, breezy dried orange, peppercorn bread, and parsnip finish. A lovely, well balanced, dry hefe.
Minutely hazy yellow color. Lively, fruity aromas of apple jack and fruit loops cereals, butter roasted nuts, and chive pancake with an even, crisp, effervescent, fruity light body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length lemon-pineapple tart, pepper, and lettuce greens finish. A lively and engaging hoppy hefe that will shine at the table.
Hazy golden color. Aromas of toast, pear soufflé, and mild lemongrass with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, zesty finish with notes of citrus, spice, pear skin, and grassy earth. Artfully crafted and deliciously balanced.
Pretty hazy copper color. Mild aromas of baklava and raisin compote with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a chewy plum, pepper, cocoa, and mineral accented finish.
Dark brown color. Attractive aromas and flavors of rich dark chocolate ice cream in a warm waffle cone with a velvety, finely carbonated, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, amusing, medium-long finish with notes of chocolate mousse and nuts and pepper. A decadent chocolate bomb of a barrel aged beer; serve with desserts or as a dessert.
Old gold color. Bold aromas and flavors of lychee, fruit salad, mango yogurt, and papaya salsa with a vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, medium length finish with notes of Asian spices and rose water. A fun, tropical and floral IPA that will be great with Asian fare.
Bright golden yellow color. Rich aromas and flavors of salty herbed butter sourdough baguette, praline, pepper, and dried pineapple and coconut with a a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a long, savory dried lemon, radish and hay accented finish.
Hazy amber orange color. Dense aromas of pine sap and blossoms, grilled grapefruit, lemon yogurt, and lavender thyme bread with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and lemon, pink pepper, white chocolate mint cookie, overripe pear, Brazil nuts, and grilled radish greens notes on the finish. An interesting, complex and evolving brew. For contemplative sipping or food.
Old golden color. Aromas of honeyed toasted fruit cake with a crisp tangy medium body and a molasses, caramel and peach skin finish.
Murky brown color. Aromas and flavors of sourdough, dried lemon and cherry, and pink peppercorn with a tart, dry-yet-fruity full body and a long, mouthwatering passionfruit, radicchio, and pomegranate. A great sour beer that will sing with food.
Cloudy golden orange color. Interesting aromas of citrus and onion marmalades on brie, Playdoh, and sourdough with a piercingly tart full body and a long mouthwateringly tangy and salty Sicilian lemon vinaigrette, ponzu sauce, and kiwi skin finish. A vinous lambic that will be great with cheeses and bbq turkey legs.
Deep amber color. Toasty and nutty fig and date breakfast bread aromas are attractive with a supple, dryish medium body and a honey roasted nut and delicate peppery spice finish. A pleasant session ale that will be great at the table with sausages and cheeses.
Hazy golden amber color. Bright aromas of grapefruit and pineapple-peach-mango cake with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and lingering, bitter pine, citrus peel, corn pudding, and pepper finish. A pleasantly aggressive IPA; try with casseroles.
Pale golden color. Bold fruity aromas of peach cobbler and mango sorbet with a fruity sweet medium body and a tangy, tropical fruit punch accented finish with Hawaiian toast-like malt notes poking through on the finish. Quite fruity and rather like a shandy in flavor, but pleasant and different.
Dark reddish brown with almost no head. Compact aromas of cherry butter and honeyed pumpernickel rye toast with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a chewy bread pudding, candied spiced nuts, and peppered greens on the lingering warm finish. Serve with pastrami.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of toasted grain and nutshells, honeycomb, and clay with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry light body and a mildly astringent, amusing, medium-length sweet corn, watercress, pear skin, and pepper finish. A tasty and very well made nonalcoholic lager.
Deep amber color. Aromas of tangerine and grapefruit marmalades on rye toast, oregano, and a hint of dank pine cone with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nicely astringent and drying wash of grilled root vegetables and grassy, barky hops. A rock solid rye-IPA.
 Certified Organic 
Golden amber color. Interesting aromas of herbs, honey, grilled mangos and papayas, brown sugar, and grapefruit yogurt with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and juniper candy, pinecone and arugula accented finish. A nice session IPA that will shine at the table.
Lightly hazy golden brassy color. Aromas of toasted baguette, roasted corn, and herbal, grassy hops with a crisp, finely foamed, dryish medium body and a nice peppery, bittering hop and roasted root vegetable flourish on the finish. Very stylish and refreshing.
Dark brown color. Lively, interesting aromas and flavors of honeycomb, chocolate cherry fudge, graham cracker, and oak with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, medium-length finish with notes of roasted grain, grilled greens, hot cocoa, and earth with moderate oak. An appetizing imperial stout.
Clear amber color. Delicate, toasty aromas of nut bread and earth with a supple, lively, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an even, brisk roasted citrus, pepper, honeyed nuts, and mocha finish. Dry, crisp and well balanced; highly quaffable.
Hazy golden amber color. Aromas of dried apples and delicate spice with a crisp, dryish medium body and a tart lemon, mineral and a grass accented finish. A really tart, quenching and mouthwatering cider that will be great with food.
Hazy brown color. Lively, toasty, smoky aromas of roasted nuts and grains and caramelized citrus with a lean, vibrant, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length coffee gelato, arugula, and nuts finish. A rock solid, hop forward brown ale.
Dark ruby mahogany color. Rich aromas and flavors of dried fruits, cocoa, caramel cookie, and beef jerky with a supple, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish with accents of spiced pear, nut, golden beet, and pepper. A sturdy strong ale for the fireplace.
Golden yellow color. Exotic aromas and flavors of cedar incense, elderflower, apple pie, Asian BBQ rub (cardamom, turmeric, green peppercorn), and floral herbal talc are intriguing with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a lychee and herbal tea accented finish. Fun.
Copper color. Aromas and flavors of toasted nut bread with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a medium-length finish evoking accents of dried citrus, earth, coffee, and turnip. A very true to style bitter; bring on the pub grub.
Bright amber color. Dense aromas of caramel, dried citrus, and pine blossom with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a melon, grainy dough, nut and peppery citrus and arugula like hop finish. A really nice and fresh, hoppy pale ale.
Deep amber color. Aromas and flavors of roasted grain and nuts, cocoa, and peppered veggie chips with a silky, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish body and a smooth, breezy finish revealing notes of latte and radish. A nicely composed amber ale with fine peppery hops.
Bright deep amber color. Aromas of salty cheese turnover and melon with a crisp,frothy, dryish medium body and a tangy dried fruit pastry, pepper, and arugula finish. A nice mouthwatering lager that will be great with fried and grilled foods.
Bright copper color. Aromas of lemon sorbet, thyme bread, and geranium with a crisp, dryish medium body and a tangy, roasted nut, burnt sugar, and dried citrus accented finish. Nicely composed flavors and very food friendly.
Deep copper color. Fruit aromas of marmalade on cinnamon raisin toast and leafy, woody hops with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and crisp, peppered jicama and Swiss chard finish. Tasty.
Dark brown color. Bright, attractive aromas and flavors of melted toffee, mocha latte, and chocolate cherry with a silky, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, charming, medium-length finish displaying nuances of toasted coconut, pepper, and roasted nuts. A rock solid black lager.
Golden amber color. Interesting aromas of roasted corn and fried pickle with a supple, dryish medium body and golden raisin bread, beet, and parsley accented finish. Fun and flavorful.
Opaque brown black color. Rich aromas of chocolate nuts and fig cookie with a supple, tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, amusing, long roasted coffee and baking chocolate drizzle lemon peels finish. A great marriage of roasted malt character and zesty citrusy hops.
Minutely hazy old gold color. Robust noble hop (Saaz and Hallertau), candied citrus peels, and danish aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body with super fine, creamy carbonation and a zesty peppery radicchio and grassy driven finish. Very lively and mouthwatering.
Golden color. Aromas of herb salt and peach bread with a hint of tomato jelly. Supple and finely carbonated with a tangy, medium body and a snappy lemon pepper, nut, and arugula like hop finish. Very well made and mouthwatering.
Bright golden color. Aromas of salty egg sandwich and breakfast potatoes with a crisp, frothy, dryish medium body and a nicely astringent grain, honey roasted nut, and grass accented finish. A clean, rock solid lager that will cover a lot of bases.
Black brown color with a reddish tan head. Dense aromas and flavors of chocolate fudge brownie, smoked nuts, and mocha with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body nicely balanced roasted root vegetable, pepper, coffee, and fig finish. Pleasantly drinkable and not trying to prove anything.
Dark brown color with a taupe rim. Aromas of nut brittle, honeyed dried fruits, and mocha gelato with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, grilled orange, radicchio, chocolate espresso bean, and peppery hop snap on the finish. A robust appetizing porter.
Dark brown color with a khaki rim. Aromas of sarsaparilla and spice cake with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a honey, spiced nut, and kale accented finish. Tasty and well balanced.
Black brown color. Aromas and flavors of buttery roasted nuts, cocoa powder, and powdery raspberry-almond cookie with a soft, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tidy, mocha and sweet summer salad with berries finish. Nice restraint and purity of flavor.
Rich copper color. Delicately spicy aromas and flavors suggest crusty pumpkin and mincemeat pies with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, refreshing cocoa and zucchini bread toast finish. Very nice.
 Certified Organic 
Amber color. Enticing aromas of pumpkin cheesecake with graham cracker crust, honey, and apple butter on rye toast with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and refreshing grilled citrus and root vegetable and peppered greens flourish on the finish. Flavor packed and mouthwateringly appetizing.
Hazy sunset color. Aromas of mango chutney on raisin rye toast and cherry vinaigrette with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a peppered melon, sweet cream, and golden beet accented finish. A very nice food beer.
Hazy copper orange color. Aromas and flavors of tarragon honey, grilled citrus and root vegetables with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a bitter papaya-banana custard, pine, pepper and mineral accented finish. Very well balanced and flavor packed.
Hazy copper mahogany color. Rich aromas and flavors of citrus, pine, and chocolate figs with a velvety, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, long finish revealing touches of creme brulee, white ash, and pepper. A very big and well-balanced hop-forward barley wine.
Copper bronze color. Aromas of honeyed pastry and pear soufflé with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and tangy, spicy nougat accented finish. Subtly framed, tasty and stylish.
Minutely hazy copper color. Delicate, sweet, attractive grainy malty aromas of toasted nut bread and honeyed figs with a even, bright, bubbly, off-dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length salty nuts and arugula finish. A very nicely styled Irish ale with good roasted malt character.
Brilliant dark amber color. Aromas of peanut brittle, raisin rye toast, and grilled romaine with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, honeyed citrus, pepper, and nougat finish. Bold and appetizing.
Russet brown color. Intriguing aromas and flavors suggest chocolate graham crackers, root beer float,and a hint of roasted marinated pork loin with plush dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a peppered, dried apple and root vegetable finish. A fun beer to pair with bbq.
 Certified Organic 
Minutely hazy golden yellow color. Bright, spicy, attractive aromas of gingerbread, mint, lemon spice cake, and lavender with a soft, vibrant, bubbly, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length dried apricot, Asian spices, lemon pepper muffin, and nuts finish. A roller coaster of spicy flavors.
Clear golden amber color. Aromas of banana pudding and mincemeat pie with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, refreshing salty baguette, peppery spice, lettuce, and cantaloupe finish. A rock solid domestic tripel with great drinkability.
Copper color. Fruity aromas of dried bananas and orange bread with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, peppered greens and soufflé accented finish with pleasant warmth. A nice domestic take on the style.
Hazy golden yellow color with frog eye bubbles. Aromas of butter roasted nuts, toasted baguette, and a hint of bubblegum dust with a soft, dryish medium body and a gentle water chestnut, baby corn, and sea salt accented finish. No real spice character here, but a savory, well made wheat ale that will be good at the table.
Clear golden amber color. Aromas of honeycomb and peach-orange marmalade on toast with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a spicy apple tart finish. Tasty.
Hazy old gold color with a fine mousse. Attractive aromas and flavors of orange spice cake, forest floor, and peach custard pie with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a vibrant lemon and radish finish. Very tasty and appetizing.
Copper bronze color. Interesting aromas of roasted chestnuts, chocolate prunes, dried pears, and creme fraiche with a silky, tangy, effervescent, sweet-and-sour medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, subtle, long spiced cherry-grape compote, tree bark and nettles, pepper, and clay finish. A fun roller coaster of fruit, herb, and earthy flavors.
Deep amber bronze color. Attractive aromas of citrus, pine, and toasted fruitcake with a crisp, frothy, dryish medium body and a mildly astringent, medium length roasted nuts, pepper, and herbs finish. Not a lot of fruit character, but a tasty well made dark ale with vibrant hops.
Opaque brown black color. Aromas of figs, smoked dates, leather, and molasses with a creamy, moderately sweet full body and a long vanilla custard, bananas foster, bakers chocolate, and cigar ash finish. A full-bodied bourbon barrel aged beer that shows remarkable balance.
Opaque dark brown black color. Lively aromas and flavors of roasted chestnuts, baker's chocolate, and fig soda bread with a satiny, vibrant, effervescent, dryish medium-to-full body and a peppery, delightful, medium length finish with notes of roasted coffee beans, pepper, and dried cherry finish with light oak. A sturdy, mocha lead barrel aged imperial stout.
Dark brown color. Lively aromas and flavors of dark chocolate graham crackers and honeyed rye toast with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a peppery, nuanced, long finish with notes of creamy chocolate, sautéed yams and figs, salt and pepper, and roasted nuts finish with moderate oak. A boldly delicious barrel aged beer for contemplative sipping; outstanding.
Cloudy amber bronze color. Mild yeasty aromas and flavors of apricot chutney, mild sourdough, and berry vinaigrette with a supple, racy, effervescent, sourish medium body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-long finish with shades of mustard greens, pomegranate, peppery spice, and radish finish with light oak. A distinctively vinous, slightly sour barrel aged beer that will be great at the table.
Bright golden amber color. Bold aromas and flavors of grilled citrus and mango, pine, subtle spices, and soufflé with a chewy, vibrant, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and an astringent, appealing, medium-long finish with nuances of toasted fruit pastry, kumquat, herb pepper bread, and tree bark. A rich and delicious Belgian double IPA.
Cloudy medium brown color. Rich, phenolic, yeasty aromas of chocolate yogurt, grilled carrots, banana chips, and jerky with a satiny, bright, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a tingling, medium-length toast and nuts finish. A solid quaffing dunkel.
Dark brown color. Interesting aromas and flavors of banana peppers, mocha toffee, and ham on rye sandwich with a prickly, lively, frothy, medium body and a mildly astringent, compelling, medium length finish with nuances of roasted chestnuts, greens, grilled parsnip, and earth. A zesty brown ale with robust rye character that will be great with sandwiches.
Hazy gold color. Delicate aromas of honeyed toast, golden raisins, and floral honeycomb with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a graceful, interesting, medium length spiced peach finish. A nice honeyed beer with great table appeal.
Hazy amber color. Aromas of cherries, raisin bread, and caramel covered peaches with a sweet-and-sour medium-to-full body and a long tree bark, red apple skin, and cherry turnover finish. A tart sour that will be sure to please fans of the style; try with middle eastern or Moroccan dishes.
Hazy light golden straw color. Complex aromas of cucumber, lime juice, lemon peel, and passion fruit with a medium body and a layered, breezy cucumber peel, overripe limes, lilac & lavender, and chamomile tea finish. A light & distinctive beer; try in a gin-based beertail.
Bright old gold color. Aromas and flavors of toasty grapefruit pastry, herb butter, exotic peppercorns, and pine with a supple, vibrant, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a bitter, appealing, medium-long finish with notes of custard and kumquat. A nicely made IPA with plenty of character and a great match for spicy foods.
Cloudy deep amber orange color. Lively aromas and flavors of dried apricot, muffin, and hay with a supple, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, brisk finish with shades of wheat wafer, starfruit, and root vegetable. A nice dry fruit beer to good balance and purity of flavor.
Medium-Brown color. Brash aromas and flavors of charcoal embers, grilled corn and cabbage, smoked bologna, and nettles with a supple, crisp, frothy, fruity medium-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with accents of grilled turnip and carrot, salted dried nectarine, grass, and pineapple marmalade. A brawny, savory smoked beer for the grill.
Amber color. Interesting aromas and flavors of nuts, cocoa, greens, and grapefruit relish with a silky, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long finish displaying notes of turnip, cashew brittle, and lemon pepper. A bold, brash earthy IPA.
 Certified Organic 
Clear amber color. Delicate, attractive aromas of caramelized citrus, lemon pastry, and floral honey with an even, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, medium-length roasted yams and root vegetables, caramelized nuts, and pepper dust finish. A flavorful, very even and balanced amber ale.
Deep amber color. Fruity aromas of apple sorbet and honey with a supple, tangy, spritzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy apple juice and skin, plum, and apricot finish. A fruity, carefree sipping cider.
Brilliant deep amber color. Bright, attractive, tropical fruity aromas of pineapple-mango salsa and orange custard pastry with a velvety, lively, spritzy, fruity medium body and a warming, delightful, medium-length melon balls, papaya tapioca, pepper bread, and pepper bread finish. A fun, flavor packed tropical amber ale.
Nearly opaque brown color. Rich, interesting aromas of coconut custard and vinaigrette and spicy pickle with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity sweet medium-full body and a peppery, elegant, medium-long caramelized citrus, milk chocolate, cola, and pink peppercorns finish. A nicely warming barrel aged ale.
Bright medium dark copper color. Bright, fruity aromas of toasted fruitcake, mango-banana yogurt, buckwheat pancake, and cocoa with a supple, flat, effervescent, dryish light-to-medium body and an even, brisk caramelized nuts, pureed sweet potato and banana, roasted turnip, and watercress finish. A nice earthy bitter for the table.
Opaque medium brown color. Smoky aromas of cigar ash, peat, chocolate, and coffee with an even, bright, finely carbonated, off-dry medium-full body and a warming, delightful, medium-long chocolate pudding and nuts finish. A pleasant, chocolatey smoked ale that will be good with bbq.
Amber color. Aromas of kumquat pastry and mango creme brulee with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long honeyed orange peel, grilled radish, and pepper finish. A big, tasty, nicely astringent ipa.
Golden yellow color. Lively, spicy aromas and flavors of menthol mint lozenge, lemon drop, and pepper with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, stimulating, snappy finish. A fun, zesty, minty cider.
Pale silvery straw color. Lively aromas and flavors of crystallized ginger and apple soda with a supple, crisp, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length finish with notes of apple skin, baking spice, and custard. A very refreshing cider with a gingery twist.
Gold color. Rich aromas and flavors of exotic hops, lemon pepper, and spiced apples with a supple, racy, effervescent, dryish medium-to-full body and a peppery, engaging, medium-length finish with suggestions of minerals, melon rind, lime, and green peppercorns. A racy, tart, seriously dry cider with a nice hoppy streak.
black color. Aromas of grilled citrus, pine, pizza herbs, and chocolate with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a long refreshing, citrusy hop, roasted parsnip and cauliflower, and dark herb bread driven finish. A very nice food beer.
Amber color. Interesting aromas and flavors of chocolate peanut butter bar and peach and lemon marmalades with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-long finish evoking shades of pepper, kale, and mild pine. A broad shouldered West Coast style pale ale with balance and sass.
Bright clear brilliant light gold color. Bright, citrusy aromas of mango creme brulee and corn pudding with a creamy, soft, effervescent, off-dry medium-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long honeyed sprouts and nutskins finish. A solid, well-balanced barleywine with nice table appeal.
Bright old gold color. Bright aromas of toasted rye raisin bread, herb muffin, and dried mango with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, medium-length peppered kale, toasted nuts, and radish finish. A rock solid session beer.
Copper mahogany color. Inviting aromas and flavors of sweet toffee and coffee nut cake with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-length finish that exhibits accents of roasted nuts and grains, pepper, mocha, and radish sprouts. A nicely balanced, super sessionable Octoberfest.
Bright gold color. Lively aromas and flavors of lemon tart and grapefruit-lime custard with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity body and an astringent, interesting, medium-long finish imparting accents of grilled mango, roasted root vegetable, lemon pepper, and melon gelato. A tasty, peppery, hop-forward lager.
Golden yellow color. Delicate aromas of orange cake, fancy lemon soap, and toasted peppercorn muffin with a vibrant, dryish medium body and a mildly astringent, charming, relaxed pepper, Swiss chard, and roasted golden beet finish. A solid lager with nice hop presence.
Brown black color. Bright aromas and flavors of baking chocolate, rye toast, honeyed fig, and roasted nuts with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an astringent, interesting, medium-length finish that shows nuances of bitter greens, grilled apples, and coffee. An interesting marriage of deeply roasted malt porter and lightly fruit cider.
Brown black color. Lively aromas of cocoa soufflé, smoked nuts, and hint of jerky with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, compelling, medium-long tamari, mocha cream, and pepper finish. A nice savory stout that will be great with food.
Dark bronze color. Aromas and flavors of roasted brazil nuts, chocolate, toasted rice cake, and grilled greens with a supple, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a mildly astringent, appealing, crisp finish that shows notes of roasted root vegetables, pepper, and grass. A nice savory porter.
Copper color. Attractive, spicy aromas and flavors of pumpkin pie spices and praline with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, layered, medium-long finish conveying accents of creme brulee, cinnamon candy, and radish sprouts. A delicious and spot-on spiced beer that delivers the goods.
Deep amber color. Bold, herbal aromas and flavors of oregano, pine, and grilled grapefruit with a supple, racy, frothy, dry medium-full body and a bitter, interesting, long finish with nuances of pepper. A big balanced almost imperial IPA more than a winter ale.
Opaque dark brown black color. Delicate, spicy aromas and flavors of gingerbread, honeyed tea, roasted nuts, and sangria with a lively, effervescent, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, compelling, medium-length finish with notes of bittersweet chocolate and latte. A very tasty and delicately spiced porter that is sure to please.
Mahogany brown color. Lively, toasty aromas and flavors of roasted grains and corn, chestnuts, and bbq jerky with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a bitter, interesting, long finish with shades of chocolate espresso bean, grilled citrus, pepper, and dusty root vegetables. A nice lightly smoked porter with a big wallop of hops.
Pale brilliant clear golden amber color. Fruity, creamy aromas of pineapple custard, caramelized caramelized guava, pine, and chili jelly with a glycerous, bright, bubbly, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, long toasted nut bread, candied yams, bitter greens and root vegetables, and grapefruit pepper finish. A nice punchy, hoppy pale ale that will be versatile.
Brilliant clear copper color. Lively, attractive aromas of chocolate orange and grapefruit peels, toasted lemon pepper bread, and roasted parsnip with a glycerous, vibrant, finely carbonated, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long orange custard, pine, and pepper finish. A rock solid IPA with nice balance and length.
Brilliant amber color. Bold, fruity, herbal aromas of apricot custard pastry and honeyed pine with a glycerous, vibrant, finely carbonated, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, long peppercorns, grilled greens, and vanilla toffee finish. A big brawny IPA bordering on a double.
Minutely hazy copper color. Mild, toasty aromas of raisin scone and roasted citrus with a glycerous, lively, effervescent, very sweet medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long peppery greens, grilled grapefruit, pine bark, and buttered root vegetable finish. A nicely hopped up ESB.
Clear bronze color. Rich, interesting aromas of chocolate raisins, chutney, and fruit pastry with a satiny, crisp, effervescent, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long rum cake and nuts finish. A comforting, nicely balanced and gently warming Scottish ale.
Minutely hazy copper color. Rich, creamy, sweet aromas of caramelized raisin, chocolate cake, honeycomb, and lumber with a velvety, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, captivating, medium-length apricot marmalade, dark rye raisin toast, peppery greens, and oak finish. A nice hoppy American style strong ale.
Bright amber color. Mild, toasty, yeasty aromas of dried citrus and herb muffin with a silky, vibrant, effervescent, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy pepper and bubblegum finish. A solid, balanced take on the new Belgian IPA style.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Lively, exotic, spicy herbal aromas of lemon marmalade, pineapple cake, dried lavender, and juniper jelly with a supple, crisp, light-to-medium body and a tingling, distinctive, medium-length herbs, pine, and gingersnaps finish. A great spicy herbal beer; try in beertail with gin.
Hazy golden yellow color. Mild, toasty aromas of peach nut pastry with a soft, bright, fizzy, fruity light body and a easy buttered raisin toast, bitter greens, and melon gelato finish. A nicely astringent, toasty kolsch.
Brilliant old gold color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of ham and egg sandwich, dried pineapple, and hawaiian bread with a vibrant, bubbly, off-dry light-to-medium body and a polished, appealing, medium-long parsnip, watercress, jicama, and minerals finish. A smooth and refreshing kolsch that really hits the spot.
Clear bronze color. Delicate, malty aromas of roasted nuts, toffee, and dark raisin baguette with a satiny, crisp, effervescent, off-dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length delicate spices and salted nuts finish. Not really a saison, more of a brown ale, but pleasant.
Brilliant burnt sienna color. Delicate, attractive, toasty aromas of fresh praline, honey buttered pumpernickel toast, and roasted chestnuts with an even, vibrant, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length nuts and watercress finish. A solid, very drinkable Abbey ale.
Nearly opaque dark brown color. Bright, grainy, attractive aromas of roasted nuts, caramelized dried fruits, and mocha pastry with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, medium-length banana custard, cocoa, and roasted citrus finish. A rock solid English brown ale with lots of traditional pub table appeal.
Gold color. Aromas of hop pellets, sweet pineapple, and melon with a silky, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, relaxed green herbs, bread pudding, root vegetable, and salad greens finish. Tastes like a nice white IPA.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Lively, citrusy aromas of lemon sherbet, lemon scone, and ginger snap with a soft, lively, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, stimulating, breezy toasted brioche and lettuce finish. A clean, nicely balanced lemon shandy.
Hazy light gold color. Rich, fruity aromas of maraschino cherry and almond berry danish with a satiny, bright, frothy, off-dry medium body and a graceful, appealing, medium-long almond custard pastry finish. A delicious, well balanced cherry wheat ale.
Gold color. Bright, attractive aromas of blueberry cobbler, cereal and soufflé with a soft, vibrant, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-long cream, granola, citrus, and pepper finish. A very tasty blueberry beer with a snappy hop finish.
Nearly opaque brown color. Lively aromas of baking chocolate and date bread with raspberry jam with a soft, spritzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-long mocha, raspberry scone, and dark roasted nuts finish. Nice, dry dark chocolate beer.
Minutely hazy deep amber color. Mild, citrusy, hoppy aromas of peach-mango bread, orange marmalade, praline, and pine with a silky, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, breezy dried lemon, pepper, and pineapple custard finish. A nicely rounded pale ale.
Minutely hazy dusty pale old color. Lively, sulfurous, tropical unusual musty aromas of overripe lemon and green apple, vanilla toffee, prairie grass, and licorice with a supple, puckering, fizzy, sweet-and-sour medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long reduced lemon and peach pit finish. A complex barrel-aged sour ale that evolves with aeration.
Light pale clear gold color. Delicate, peppery, herbal aromas of peppercorn bread toast, dried citrus, and grass with an crisp, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length mango-papaya salsa, plantain chips, and praline finish. A superbly balanced imperial ipa.
Opaque ebony color. Lively, smoky aromas of chocolate molasses cake, black licorice, smoked peppercorns, and cigar ash with a chewy, tart, finely carbonated, moderately sweet fat body and a peppery, very long creme brulee, candied citrus peels, ash, and peppercorns finish. A rich and rewarding chocolate imperial stout.
Clear copper color. Rich, buttery, grainy malty nutty aromas of pineapple cake, toast, lemon vinaigrette on greens, and sorghum with a velvety, flat, fizzy, dryish medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long toasted pepper bread, dried fruits, pine, and jalapeño finish. A rich and satisfying, full throttle version of a British ipa .
Pale bright silver color. Bright, fruity, creamy floral aromas of pear soufflé, nougat, orange blossoms, and pepper jelly with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, relaxed tangerine and nuts finish. A delicate, satisfying cider with a nice wine-like note.
Light sunburst color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of watermelon, spicy sour cherry chutney, and lemon with a satiny, vibrant, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length cherry honey lozenge, lemon sorbet, cherry cider vinaigrette on mesclun, and praline finish. An very tasty and appetizing cherry flavored cider.
Clear dark sunburst color. Bright, fruity aromas of sour cherry gelato, marzipan cookie, and apple sauce with a silky, lively, spritzy, off-dry medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length citrus compote, watermelon, and honeyed citrus finish. A delicious, mouthwatering cherry flavored cider.
Bright clear dark copper color. Mild, fruity aromas of strawberry and baked apple with a soft, petillant, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy strawberry ice and minerals finish. A pleasant, fruity berry nuanced cider; lawnmower cider.
Clear bright silver color. Lively, yeasty, funky aromas of overripe pears citrus, brewer's yeast, baked salted root vegetables, and straw with an even, bright, spritzy, fruity sweet light body and a smooth, swift honeyed apples and melons, vanilla, and minerals finish. A complex and nuanced perry with a solid core of fruitiness.
Brilliant yellow color. Delicate, yeasty aromas of sour dough bagel, fermenting apples, hominy, and delicate spice with an oily, tart, bubbly, sweet-and-sour medium body and a smooth, engaging, medium-long reduced lemon and lime, grass, nut skin, and oak finish. A bracing, mouthwatering cider that will be great at the table.
Dark brown cola color. Aromas of grilled beets and kale, chocolate mint cookie, and tomato-pepper chutney with a silky, dryish medium body and a zesty chili pepper chocolate mousse, nutskin, and turned earth finish. Fun and flavorful; pair with chili.
Bright gold color. Delicate, toasty aromas and flavors of raisin toast and lemon cream with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and a fast finish with notes of lettuce, mineral, peppered jicama, and nuts. A crisp, relaxing lager.
Copper color. Aromas of orange marmalade on toast and toffee with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy citrus gelato, pepper, and herb accented finish. A pleasant, very drinkable biere de garde.
Pretty cloudy golden white color. Aromas of peach fruit salad, honeysuckle, lemongrass, and orange cake with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless apple, spice, and radish accented finish. A solid, very sessionable wit beer
Golden color. Bright spicy and fruity hop, Belgian yeast and malt aromas with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty, radish, honeyed beet, spice candy, chalk, and pepper pastry finish. Tasty.
Golden yellow color. Lively aromas and flavors of toasted nut bread and dried citrus with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a polished, medium-length finish with notes of honey and pepper. A solid golden ale with a pleasant zestiness.
 Certified Organic 
Bright amber color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of nut bread, lemon soufflé, banana pudding, and orange blossoms with a soft, crisp, finely carbonated, off-dry light-to-medium body and a graceful, charming, quick lettuces, honeyed starfruit, peach, and melon finish. A nice, lighter styled, very sessionable Belgian amber ale.
Minutely hazy copper color. Lively, hoppy aromas of caramelized citrus, mango, and bread pudding with a supple, vibrant, bubbly, fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length grilled root vegetables and pepper finish. A quaffable ale with a good malt background and a spicy herbal hop finish.
Dark copper color with a fine mousse. Aromas of baked spiced apples and banana, bees wax, and hint of polish with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy creme brulee, stewed white raisin, molasses, and peppery arugula finish. A pleasant fireside sipper or food beer.
Pale amber color. Aromas and flavors of peach and mango jams on toast with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, watercress, citrus custard and sprouts-like finish. A fun fruity pale ale that is sure to be a crowd pleaser.
Pale red pink amber color. Aromas and flavors of raspberry scone and soufflé and praline with a dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tart, wafer, nutskin and peppered jicama accented finish.
Bright golden yellow color. Mild aromas of honeyed fig and date breads and hushpuppies with a crisp, dryish medium body and a grainy bread, dried peach, blueberry and orange accented finish. Very tasty and refreshing.
Copper brown color. Interesting aromas of pistachio nougat, cola, and molasses cake with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nicely balanced, toasty, spicy finish.
Golden amber color. Aromas of roasted golden beet, toasted herb bread, clay, and custard with a crisp, dryish medium body and hint pear-like fruit, grass, and peppery spice accents on the refreshing finish.
Pale amber color. Complex aromas of spicy, yeasty orange cake, nut butter, and honeyed bread crust with a silky fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, peach, clementine, and spice layered finish with earth hops keeping the fruit in check.
Light banana bread, cracker, and delicate spice aromas and flavors with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a grain and plantain custard finish. very nice hefe.
Fruity aromas and flavors suggest panettone and citrus marmalade with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a zesty lime tart finish. Very tasty.
Bright golden amber color. Aromas of salt buttered toast, dried pears and oranges, and subtle baking spices with a crisp, dryish medium body and a lively grassy, lemon, peppery, leafy greens like hop finish. Tasty.
Clear gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of honeyed cinnamon raisin toast, bread pudding, and dried fruit with a silky, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish light body and a smooth, brisk nutskin and radish finish. Bright and crisp with a spicy hop finish that lends to another sip.
Clear golden amber color. Lightly floral aromas of peach, nougat, orange and toasted grain with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a creamy, lettuce and mineral accented finish.
Bright medium amber color. Bold aromas of apple-pepper jelly, light molasses, and peach custard pastry follow through with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry full body and a warming pepper, roasted praline, and grassy, resinous hop finish.
Deep brown color. Aromas of chocolate nut fudge, soy, and hush puppy with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a toffeed nut, latte, and grassy hop finish.
Bright golden color. Pleasant aromas of toasted fruit custard pastry, leafy hops, and delicately spicy white chocolate with a supple fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a crisp, delicately balanced finish. A tasty session beer.
Deep old gold color. Lightly skunky aromas of roasted corn, flan, and hay with a chewy, dryish medium-full body and a tangy, caramelized citrus, carrot and lemon pepper snap on the finish. A rich appetizing strong lager.
Golden amber color. Aromas of egg sandwich with a round, dryish medium body and a tangy, citrus and apple accented finish. A tasty quaffer.
Pale amber color. Aromas of roasted whole nuts, leaves, and citrus marmalade with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, dulce du leche, kiwi and grassy hop snap on the finish. Refreshing.
Pale medium brown color. Lively, fruity, floral aromas of lilacs, fruit cake, and earth with a satiny, racy, finely carbonated, cloying medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length caramelized yams, nuts, and pepper finish. A bold and boozy Belgian ale.
 Certified Organic 
Murky reddish brown color. Bright aromas and flavors of fresh raspberries, chocolate, and crackers with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tart, Meyer lemon, grassy, and radish sprout like hops accented finish. A fun zesty flavored porter that would be a nice dessert.
Deep chestnut brown color. Complex aromas of yeasty, almost creamy bread dough, dried citrus, thyme and nut shells with a sharp, frothy dryish medium body and a dark roasted black walnut, jicama, and radish sprout accented finish. A very good food beer.
Aromas and flavors of toast, caramel, and molasses with a supple, chewy fruity medium-full body and a tangy, soy, rye, pepper, and earthy nut finish.
Copper color. Aromas of caramelized nuts and citrus with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a grainy, grapefruit driven finish. Tasty.
Brilliant deep amber color. Lovely pure dried apricot pastry aroma with a round, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy orange, rye crisp, mustard seed and greens finish. Very tasty and sessionable.
Rich copper color. Bright aromas of whole grain, honeycomb, orange marmalade, and bread pudding with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a chewy, arugula, citrus pith, and steely mineral finish.
Pale amber color. Mild honeyed citrus and lavender aromas and flavors with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and fruit stripe gum and tropical fruit salad like finish. Nice.
Bright copper penny color. Mild caramel-maple gelato aromas with a frothy, dryish medium body and a fruity, honeyed date cake and radish accented finish. tasty.
 Certified Organic 
Aromas of dried lemon, root vegetable and white toffee with a round, dryish light-to-medium body and a tangy,citrus pastry and peppercorn finish. A rock solid pilsner.
Rich amber color. Aromas of soufflé, pepper bread, and orange blossom honey with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and baked citrus and apple accented finish. Tasty.
Bright copper color. Aromas of honeyed graham cracker, nuts, and cereal with a crisp, frothy, dryish medium body and a tangy, dried fruit, cocoa, and peppery hop accented finish. Tasty.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate covered figs, vanilla nougat, and graham crackers with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a chocolate mint and candied yam accented finish. Rich and nicely balanced
Dark crown. Coffee, molasses, cedar, and honeyed fig bread toast aromas and flavors with supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful nut toast and vanilla bean accented finish. A polite barrel aged imperial stout.
Opaque brown black color with a khaki saffron lace. Dense aromas suggest saffron turmeric, dark chocolate, and figs. Rich and chewy with a dry, medium-to-full body and a lightly phenolic singed linen and grilled turnip and kale accented finish. A rich, dessert-like beer; try with cheese.
Dark reddish brown color. Roasted nut, grilled root vegetable, and cocoa aromas with a crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a nicely astringent charred nut, baker's chocolate and arugula-like hop finish. A sturdy session porter, best with food.
Deep brown color. Aromas of chocolate covered dried fruits and nougat with a supple dryish medium body and a round, lightly earthy micro-greens like finish. Tasty and very sessionable.
Deep reddish copper amber color. Bright creamy vanilla, honeyed orange peels and cannabis aromas with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a spicy incense, cedar, peach custard, grapefruit pith, and char-grilled root vegetable and kale finish. Decadent.
Pure amber color. Fruity pineapple danish and baklava aromas with a frothy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a grilled citrus, honeyed apple, mineral and watercress-like finish with floral pine blossom like hops. A tasty IPA for pub grub.
Slightly hazy amber color. Compacted grain, honeyed quince, and sourdough aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a slightly sour and tangy, tropical citrus, cocoa, honeyed radish and spice finish. Nice earthiness for the table.
Deep reddish amber color. Aromas of peach, gingerbread, and candied orange with a zesty fruity medium-to-full body and a spicy fruity cake and honeyed kiwi, nut, and grassy hop finish. A fun, flavorful IPA that will be great with Thai food.
Copper color. Aromas of apple pie, banana taffy, and peach soda with a supple, fruity medium body and a jicama, roasted nut, kiwi and melon gelato accented finish.
Golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of banana custard, pear marmalade on sourdough toast and melon sorbet with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a peppery hop and dusty root vegetable accented finish. Not very British pale ale like upfront-a bit too fruity, but finishes dryly with a nice snappiness. Serve with spicy curries.
Hazy golden amber color. Aromas of grainy rye toast, praline, and citrus marmalade with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a toasty, jicama, pepper bread and grapefruit aromas. Solid.
Inviting aromas of toasty fruit custard pastry with and buttercream with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, citrus chiffon, jicama, and watercress like hops. Very nice.
Amber color. Herbal aromas and flavors of bay leaf, kale, and caramelized dried fruits with a supple, vibrant, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, easy finish manifesting impressions of roasted celery root, pepper, honeyed citrus, and melon. A sturdy pale ale for the table.
Rich copper mahogany color. Aromas of chocolate yogurt and dark roasted cashew brittle with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body a honey roasted grain, dried fruit, radish, and mineral accented finish.
Cloudy amber copper color. Very mild aromas of jicama, cracker, and peppered melon rind with a crisp, dry medium body and a tangy clementine, mineral, banana chip,and apple tart accented finish. A pleasant, easy drinking hefe.
Hazy straw yellow color. Zesty lemon-orange cake, pine, and custard aromas with a crisp, dryish medium body and a tangy wafer, melon, and bib lettuce accented finish. Tasty.
Golden amber color. Aromas of spicy apple turnover and nougat with a supple, fruity medium body and a crisp, roasted corn, honey roasted apple, pear, citrus, and pepper bread accented finish. A tasty, savory wheat ale.
Dull copper color. Delicate, earthy, herbal aromas of honeycomb, brioche, and forest floor with a glycerous, tangy, finely carbonated, sweet light-to-medium body and a peppery, relaxed bubblegum and fruit jam on toast finish. A refreshing ale with lots of fruity, estery Belgian character.
Copper color. Cola, root beer, lime, bay and curry leaves, juniper flowers, and spice fruit cake aromas with a supple, frothy, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a spicy chutney and peppered wafer finish. Very clean and well defined.
Bright amber color. Aromas of honeyed zucchini herb bread toast and dusty grassy hops with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a toasty, tangy citrus, grilled root vegetables and stone fruits, peppercorn, and spiced nut finish. Brashly hoppy.
Brilliant copper color. Complex aromas of creme brulee, citrus marmalade, and herb-spice bread with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a peach and mango yogurt and caramelized carrot and squash, nutshell-like oak, and peppery arugula accented finish. A solid "easy drinking" wood-aged beer.
Deep copper mahogany color. Aromas of caramelized pumpkin seeds, honeycomb, cola, and spice with a frothy dryish medium body and a savory pumpkin puree, salted caramel, and spicy fruit cake accented finish. Solid and refreshing.
Copper brown color. Aromas of chocolate nuts, sarsaparilla, brown sugar, caraway rye and banana breads with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, pear-banana soufflé and earthy grains and nuts on the finish. Interesting and fun, pair with sauerkraut and sausages.
Cloudy golden amber color. Aromas of egg sandwich and tortilla chip with a very frothy, dryish light-to-medium body and a crisp, honeyed pear and lettuce finish. Tasty.
Aromas of toasted cheese bread and dried fruit with a crisp, dryish medium body and a earthy mineral hop finish. Nice and dry.
Golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of vanilla yogurt nuts and raisins and dried apricot pastry with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a creamy, tangy sweet citrus and melon gelato finish. An interesting oak-aged take on the classic style.
Lucid golden amber color. Aromas lemon verbena and apple sorbet with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and spicy orange custard, wheat wafer, nutskin, and coriander snap on the finish. Not exactly a saison but very tasty.
Spicy honeyed rye bread, wintergreen custard, and sarsaparilla aromas and flavors with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a creamy vanilla soufflé and root vegetable, and mustard greens accented finish. Intriguing.
Dark brown color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered espresso beans and peanuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy cherry, citrus, roasted carrot and dark toast finish. A nice sipper.
Dark brown color. Dense aromas of porridge, maple sap and dried peach with a plush, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a well rounded, bamboo shoot, baby carrot, and leafy greens accented finish. A nicely crafted stout that will be great at the table.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate mousse, soy bean, turnip green, and dried fruit with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a pleasant creamy finish. A nice smooth porter.
Dark brown color. Aromas and flavors of grilled kale and root vegetables, oregano and chocolate bonbon with a very crisp, dry medium body and a coffee and chocolate cream accented finish. A nice porter for pub grub.
Pale amber color. Very sweet aromas of tropical fruit custard tart and banana taffy with a supple, fruity medium body and a tangy, drying mineral, wafer, and white strawberry accented finish. Really fruity and balanced.
Golden amber color. Aromas of dried apple and pear and honeyed nuts with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy orange bread, pepper, and arugula accented finish. Tasty.
Clear light gold color. Smoky aromas of smoked jerky, nuts, grilled citrus, and cigar ash with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, amusing, medium-long grilled mango, smoked peppers and nopales, pine sap, and bamboo spouts finish. A dense and powerful smoked, bitter ale; try with cigars.
Slightly hazy golden amber color. Aromas of frosted apple strudel, grilled pepper, and dried mango with a dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a lingering hoppy, grilled citrus, pine, greens, and pepper finish. A burly IPA for hopheads.
Pretty orange copper color. Dense aromas of roasted citrus, root vegetables and rubber tire with a fruity, slightly sourish medium body and a very astringent tangerine juice, pine, and peppered mesclun like finish. Intense.
Golden amber color. Aromas bitter lemon, chicken fat chips, and pineapple marmalade with a supple, dryish medium body and a rutabaga, watercress, honey, and pepper accented finish. A savory food beer.
Pale amber color. Aromas of peach yogurt, orange peppercorn vinaigrette, and steamed broccoli with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a dried cherry, pepper, orange, and glazed yam accented finish. A touch wild and wooly, but fun and good choice for pairings.
Russet brown color. Aromas of chocolate covered nuts, creamy cupcake, and dried fruits with a satiny fruity medium-to-full body and sweet, plush honeyed fruitcake, mocha, nut, and green pear accented finish. No discernible smoky character, but very tasty and sure to please.
Copper color. Aromas of ginger cookie and spicy pumpkin pie with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy sassafras and chestnut toffee finish. Very tasty and well-balanced spices.
Deep brown with a red core. Aromas of chocolate biscuit and delicate citrus and praline with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nut, spiced pear,and celery soda accented finish.
Deep brown black color. Aromas of chocolate roasted chestnuts, sour cherries, and raisins with a tangy, medium-to-full body and a chocolate mousse, balsamic, radish, and dried berry driven finish. A nice mouthwatering brown ale.
Deep amber color. Aromas of toast and roasted root vegetables with a very crisp, dryish medium body and a peppered jicama and spinach-like hop finish. A solid, snappy Vienna lager that will be great at the table.
Hazy golden color. Aromas of banana cake and peppercorn bread with supple dryish medium body and a caramelized nut and a custard finish. Very tasty and very quaffable.
Rich golden color with a fine mousse of foam. Aromas of multigrain baguette and herb butter with a crisp, dryish medium body and a crisp, grilled peach, radish, and grassy earth finish. A nice refreshing quaffer.
Cloudy mahogany color. Rich, fruity aromas of carrot cake, banana nut muffin, honeyed dried fruit, and mocha with a glycerous, crisp, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a warming, snappy spiced apples, citrus marmalade on rye herb bread, and creamy cocoa finish. A nice tangy weizen bock.
 Certified Organic 
Pale straw silver color. Bright banana gelato, strawberry-blueberry cream pie, and lemon cake aromas and flavors with a tart medium body and a buttered toast and chalky earth accented finish. A clean, fruit forward interpretation of the style.
Opaque black color with a brown cast. Very dense aromas of soy sauce, pure chocolate, sautéed mushroom, beeswax, and char-roasted chestnuts with a plush dryish medium-full body and a grilled apple, lemon, arugula accented finish. Quite intense, earthy, and ageable.
Cloudy amber bronze color. Bold aromas of caramelized pineapples and pears, apple cider vinegar, putty, and sourdough with a crisp, tart, medium body and a balsamic vinaigrette on salty artichoke hearts finish. A rich, savory lambic that needs food.
Deep amber copper color. Toasty aromas and flavors of roasted nuts and toasted fig-date bread with a velvety, frothy, dryish medium-to-full body and an astringent, intriguing, medium-long finish with accents of grilled citrus and bitter greens. A vibrant IPA that will cover many bases.
Minutely hazy gold color. Attractive aromas of crusty fresh baked peach pie and creamy flan with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, peach phosphate, nut, radish, and grass accented finish. Very tasty and nicely balanced.
Hazy golden amber color with a fine white foam. Delicate smoky aromas of grilled cashews and zucchini bread and clay with a foamy, dryish medium body and a grilled corn, cucumber and smoked peppercorn finish. A nice mild smoked session beer.
Deep copper brown color. Aromas of chocolate-coconut macaroon, praline, and chocolate orange peel with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, sweet potato bread, peppered jicama and grass finish. A rock solid bock with excellent drinkability.
Golden color. Aromas of omelet and toast with a supple, dryish medium body and a clean, cucumber, sprouts, sweet corn and mineral accented finish. Tasty.
Pale golden straw color. Earthy apples on the tree, yogurt, and nut brittle aromas with a supple, barely carbonated fruity medium body with a tangy apple and apricot skin, lemon ice and grass accented finish.
Amber color. Aromas and flavors of rye raisin toast, floral honey, and dried citrus with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a bitter, stimulating, medium-long finish with notes of pine, rapini, and earth. A earthy, nicely bitter, low impact IIPA.
Brilliant bronze color. Lively, creamy, nutty attractive aromas of hazelnut gelato and praline with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length hazelnut latte, sprouts, melon rind, and grass finish. A pleasant, nut flavored ale.
Hazy deep amber copper color. Delicate aromas and flavors of roasted root veggies and corn bread with a supple, crisp, frothy, dryish medium body and a warming finish with notes of reduced lemon, pepper, and earth. a vibrant, solid IPA.
Bright amber color. Earthy aromas of toasted sour dough raisin bread, citrus peel, and cereal with a supple, lively, frothy, medium body and a mildly astringent, breezy mustard greens and pepper finish. A zesty ESB with a nicely astringency and balance.
Cloudy silvery straw color. Bright, fruity aromas and flavors of lemonade and lemon muffin with a silky, vibrant, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a compelling, medium-length finish with notes of lemon ice. A tasty radler for a hot summer day.
Rich copper color. Aromas of buttered dark toast and roasted nuts with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a tangy caramelized citrus and grain and grass finish. Tasty.
Black brown with a tan head. Mild aromas of raisin scone and chocolate nut with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a peppery, toffee, citrus peel, and leafy greens accented finish. A solid IS.
Opaque black color. Lively aromas and flavors of charred nuts, molasses, and clay with a velvety, soft, effervescent, dryish medium-to-full body and a crisp finish with impressions of toasted rye baguette, dark chocolate, dried fruit, and pepper. A tasty, light smoky barrel aged stout with a delicate smokiness.
Dark brown with an amber cast. Aromas of dark chocolate covered orange peels with a crisp, effervescent, dryish medium body and a zesty chocolate cream pie and peppery radish accented finish. Tasty.
Dark brown color with a khaki head. Aromas of dark roasted nuts, white pepper, brown sugar, and fig jam with a frothy, tangy medium body and a lively peppery, cocoa, coffee, and grassy hop snap. A rich, very roasty porter that will excel with spicy foods.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate toffee and cake, honeyed figs, and bread with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a round, creamy, roasted root vegetable and kiwi accented finish. A spot on, vibrant porter.
Dark brown with a bronze cast and a khaki head. Aromas and flavors of chocolate citrus peels and coffee with a silky, dryish medium body and tangy grilled root vegetable, apple, peppery mole accented finish. A rock solid porter.
Dark brown color with a khaki lace. Interesting aromas of habanero pepper jelly, caramelized nuts, and mango chutney follow through with a soft, dryish medium body and dark chocolate, coffee, and radish sprouts like hops on finish. Different, yet nicely sessionable.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of chocolate, grain, nuts, and turnip with a round dry medium-to-full body and a dried fruit and roasted malt driven finish with nice astringency. A solid, stout-like, example of a robust porter.
Opaque black with a brown saffron cast. Aromas of dark cocoa, honey roasted nuts, and a hint of buffalo jerky with a supple, dryish medium body and a dark toast, star fruit, and pepper accented finish. A nice sessionable stout; or try with German chocolate cake.
Dark chestnut brown color. Aromas of buttery roasted nuts, honey and dried fruit with a supple dryish medium body and a delicate hint of spiced fruits on the crisp, herb and pepper driven finish. Excellent drinkability.
Dark brown color with a tan head. Attractive aromas of roasted nuts, cocoa, earth, and raisin cake with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, nicely astringent dark chocolate finish. Tasty.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of chocolate, spiced nuts, and honeyed figs with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a creamy chocolate mousse and peppery roasted citrus and toffee finish. Very subtly flavored, citrus hops really take the stage here.
Dark brown black color. Smells and tastes just like an Almond Joy bar with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy, jicama, overripe pear, powdered milk, and dusty nut accented finish. Fun and easy drinking.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of chocolate covered peanuts and raisins with supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, Reese's peanut butter cup, mocha, roasted chestnut, root veggie, and herbal grassy hop finish. A fun, food beer; try in a beertail.
Lustrous copper color. Aromas and flavors of ginger cookie and zucchini-fig bread and a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a frothy, drying coriander, pepper, and grass accented finish. Nice subtlety of spicing with great sessionability.
Brassy amber color. Fruity aromas of pineapple cake, mango gelato, and juniper jelly with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a buttery caramel, rye toast, and peppered greens driven finish. A pleasantly fruity and snappy pale ale.
Deep amber color. Aromas of peach danish and apple sauce with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy caramelized citrus, melon, and grassy hop finish. A pleasant easy-drinking pale ale.
Bright golden yellow pale amber color. Delicate, toasty, herbal aromas of honeyed citrus, herb toast, and marmalade with a silky, crisp, spritzy, fruity medium body and a refreshing, medium-long pepper and pine finish. An interesting IPA that is complex and doesn't shoot for the center.
Lustrous copper color. Aromas of buttery nut brittle, buckwheat honey, and chocolate mousse with a supple, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a pleasant honeyed oatmeal, raisin, marinated cucumber and kale finish. Tasty.
Hazy amber copper color. Aromas of ginger beer and coriander-turmeric spice rub on poultry meat with a fruity medium body and a ginger snap, caramel corn, and grilled parsnip finish. Vibrant, festive, and fun.
Dark brown color. Lively aromas and flavors of herbs, citrus preserves, chocolate, and nuts with a silky, crisp, finely carbonated, dry medium body and a tingling, medium-length finish displaying nuances of citrus peels, bitter greens, peppercorn, and coffee. A rock solid stout.
Amber color. Aromas of wilted lettuce, honeyed banana nut muffin, and pepper frittata with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, warming spiced apple, radish, and mineral accented finish. A flavorful saison for the table.
Golden color. Aromas of banana bread, mango tart, and radicchio frittata with a supple, dryish medium body and a lightly chewy and savory sweet potato chip, pepper bread, and radish sprouts finish. A fun choice for the table.
Brilliant light gold color. Muted, yeasty aromas of dried banana, sourdough pastry, and salad greens with an even, bright, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a tingling, medium-length honeyed quince, wafer, and peppercorn muffin finish. A pleasant and versatile blonde ale.
Slight hazy copper penny color. Aromas and flavors of raspberry jam on lemon pepper muffin and circus peanut with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a chewy, warming finish. Flavorful and fun.
Brilliant light gold color. Delicate, attractive aromas of lemon-peach custard danish, dried tropical fruit, and toasted nuts with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length banana chip, bitter mustard greens, citrus, and delicate spice finish. Not so much a flavored wheat, more a nicely hoppy wheat.
Slightly hazy golden yellow color. Aroma of banana soufflé, orange and melon rinds, and polenta with a foamy, dry medium body and a jicama, vanilla, and herb flatbread finish. A zesty, yet mildly spiced wit that will be good with seafood.
Brown color. Delicate aromas and flavors of nuts and cocoa with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a smooth, intriguing, breezy finish with overtones of chocolate biscuit and minerals. A solid English style brown ale with nice sessionability.
Bright gold color. Interesting aromas of pineapple creme brulee, bread pudding, ginger mint cookie, and floral spice with a chewy, tangy, finely carbonated, fruity medium-full body and a mildly astringent, complex, medium-long salty nuts, buttery baguette, coriander, and sassafras finish with light oak. A surprisingly complex and intricate barrel aged tripel with lots of Asian spice character.
Opaque dark black color. Aromas of vanilla frosting, black licorice, prunes, and sarsaparilla with a frothy, moderately sweet full body and a warming, engaging, medium length dark chocolate covered espresso bean, chocolate covered black cherries, and black licorice finish. A straight forward barrel-aged beer that delivers on all fronts; serve in a snifter & indulge with small sips.
Copper bronze color. Peppery aromas of egg sandwich, dried papaya and mango, and pepper with a soft, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a tingling, breezy nougat, cream, and arugula finish. A pleasant earthy Belgian IPA that will do well at the table.
Clear copper color. Mild, citrusy, curious piney unusual aromas of caramelized citrus, praline, and pine with a soft, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and a graceful, compelling, medium-length butter roasted nuts, dried fruits, and pepper finish. A vibrant and refreshing bitter.
Brilliant deep amber color. Lively, attractive aromas of frosted banana cake and flan with a soft, bright, effervescent, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long pepper bread, honey cream, dried fruits, and radicchio finish. A very tasty and attractive barrel aged lager that is sure to please.
Hazy old gold color. Attractive aromas of honeyed buckwheat pancakes, dried peach, and nougat with a supple, crisp, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, refreshing, medium length vanilla apricot yogurt, grilled kale, peppery radish sprouts, and lavender finish. An interesting food friendly beer.
Dark medium brown color. Aromas and flavors of molasses, cola nut, nutmeg, and figs with a finely carbonated, sweet medium-full body and a hot, appealing, medium-long finish with notes of red apple skin, syrupy peaches, cocoa nibs, and tobacco. An straight forward braggot that is a good and balanced example of the style; pair with a pipe.
Hazy old gold color. Lively aromas and flavors of banana bread, spice, and orange chiffon with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an effortless, complex, long finish with touches of salty nuts, sprouts, and lemon.
Pale steel gray salmon pink color. Aromas and flavors of raspberries with cream cheese, toasted lemon bread, and cucumber with a supple, racy, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, interesting, breezy finish with impressions of wheat wafer, radish sprouts, and apple peel. A refreshing and mild mannered, fruit accented summer wheat ale.
Hazy golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of citrus Pez candy and berry cream danish with a satiny, bright, foamy, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium length finish with suggestions of candied violet, talc, lettuce, and fresh marjoram. A fun, berry packed wheat ale.
Minutely hazy straw green color. Delicate, inviting, meaty aromas of grilled ham and cheese sandwich and hot dogs with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, dry light-to-medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-long mesclun and grilled apple finish. A fun, smoky lambic-like beer.
Gold color. Aromas of caramel corn, frosted banana cake, and whole nuts with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy honeyed carrot, lemon spritzed melon rind, jicama, and earth finish. A zesty, lightly creamy hefe.
Amber color. Aromas and flavors of cocoa, pepper, edamame, and spice with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, medium-length finish. A nice savory IPA.
Golden yellow color. Delicate aromas and flavors of nutskin, mashed potato, and yellow apple with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, sweet-and-sour medium body and a smooth, relaxed finish with accents of apple cider vinaigrette. A zesty, earthy cider with nice fruit and easy drinking balance.
Bright old gold color. Mild, yeasty aromas and flavors of apple bread dough and nutshell with a soft, crisp, petillant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a medium-length finish revealing notes of lemon curd, earth, and caramel green apple. A nice English style cider for the table.
Brilliant old gold color. Bright, fruity, spicy floral aromas of lavender, bergamot, and honeyed fruitcake with a soft, vibrant, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, breezy toasted bread, dried tropical citrus, spiced tea, and sweet potato finish. A fun tea flavored ale.
Hazy old gold color. Bold, attractive aromas and flavors of dried apricot, honey, and apple custard tart with a supple, tangy, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish that presents overtones of dried apple skin and dried peach. A nice marriage of apple cider and stone fruits.
Silvery straw color. Exotic, fruity aromas and flavors of pineapple slices and lifesavers with a silky, crisp, spritzy, off-dry medium body and a interesting, crisp finish. A fun pineapple flavored cider.
Dark copper color. Rich, smoky aromas and flavors of smoked jerky, roasted apples, bacon bits, and white ash with a supple, lively, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish manifesting impressions of smoked nuts. A distinctive, super smoky cider for adventurous cider heads.
Golden amber. Aromas of dried bananas, clay, and nuts with a supple, frothy medium body and a dryish pine bark, pepper, radish, dried fruit and mossy earth finish. More of a mellow Belgian India pale ale in style and flavor.
Bright clear brilliant golden yellow color. Lively, fruity, floral aromas of citrus custard tart and floral honey with a satiny, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, breezy citrus peel, watercress, and light peppered nuts finish. A solid ipa.
Dark brown color. Bright aromas and flavors of cocoa-dusted fruit, toasted bread, and nougat with a supple, crisp, dryish medium body and a polished, breezy finish that shows impressions of latte, sprouts, and minerals. A nice everyday dark lager.
Deep amber copper color. Aromas and flavors of dark toasted fig bread, nut brittle, and chocolate citrus peel with a supple, crisp, frothy, dryish medium body and a smooth, medium-length finish revealing notes of salty roasted nuts, pepper, arugula, and minerals. An easy drinking Octoberfest with a nice hop bite on the finish.
Golden amber color. Bright aromas of butterscotch, banana taffy, lemon muffin, and roasted corn with a supple, crisp, frothy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, compelling, breezy salted nuts, watercress, turnip, and pepper bread finish. An interesting, fruity and savory lager.
Amber color. Rich, fruity aromas and flavors of pineapple cake, lemon-mango gelato, and tapioca with a supple, lively, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, delightful, medium-length finish conveying notes of pepper, almond nougat, and herbs. A nice fruity, toasty lager.
Black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of bananas foster and roasted brazil nuts with a chewy, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity full body and a peppery, delightful, long finish revealing nuances of roasted citrus, grassy earth, tamari, and white pepper. A brash, in your face imperial stout.
Opaque brown black color. Aromas and flavors of dried citrus, cocoa, and mixed greens with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, medium-length finish evoking accents of roasted nuts, toasted fig bread, coffee, and pepper. A nice zesty stout with good astringency.
Dark brown black color. Delicate, spicy aromas and flavors of root beer float and cherry cola with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-length finish with elements of pepper, spiced nuts, and citrus. A very nice winter ale with a balanced melange of spices.
Dark mahogany brown black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of dark toast, chocolate nuts, dried fruits, and pepper with a body and a tingling, cheery finish that shows suggestions of mocha mousse, mesclun, dried citrus, and peppery spices. A very pleasant stout.
Bright copper color. Lively, citrusy, herbal aromas of honeyed citrus and herb cracker with a velvety, bright, bubbly, off-dry medium body and a smooth, medium-length tangerine custard, grapefruit, peppered nuts, and turnip finish. A nice easy drinking, session IPA.
Clear amber color. Bright, earthy, minty aromas of butter cookie and minty herbs with a silky, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, medium-long roasted root vegetables, sweet spices, and nut bread finish. Hops build nicely on the finish.
Light clear amber color. Fruity aromas of sweet peach vinaigrette and pineapple-grapefruit custard with a soft, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length lettuces and nuts pepper finish. A nice everyday pale ale.
Minutely hazy amber color. Bright, citrusy, fruity aromas of honeyed citrus peels and pineapple cake with a soft, soft, fizzy, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, long baked carrot, melon rind, peppery greens, and pine bark finish. A nice savory pale ale that will shine with food.
Clear amber color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of raisin toast with apple butter and bread crust with a soft, vibrant, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and an effortless, complex, medium-long radish sprouts, lemon pepper, and turnip finish. A nice zesty, beer for the table.
Minutely hazy copper color. Delicate, nutty aromas of roasted walnuts and toasted fig bread with a soft, soft, bubbly, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, easy watercress and radish finish. A rock solid mild ale with good sessionability.
Dark mahogany color. Muted, toasty aromas of nuts and earth with a soft, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length nougat, cocoa dusted citrus, and pepper finish. A zesty and tasty chocolatey winter ale with more hops than spice.
Minutely hazy amber color. Bright, hoppy, alliaceous aromas of caramelized grapefruit, pine, and garlic shoots with a silky, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, intricate, medium-long grassy, pepper, and pineapple chutney finish. A nice double IPA.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Lively, citrusy aromas of candied lemon peel, yeasty pepper-herb bread, and sautéed carrots with a soft, crisp, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy cucumber, orange pepper, and watercress finish. A zesty, peppery, palate cleansing saison.
Minutely hazy old gold color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of citrus pastry and buttered toasted nut bread with an oily, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium body and a warming, engaging, medium-long bitter greens, lemon pepper, and honey soufflé finish. A solid, fruity, snappy triple.
Dark brown black color. Bright, complex, confected roasted aromas of cocoa powder and toasted nut bread with a glycerous, vibrant, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a smooth, breezy coffee, arugula, and turnip finish. A nicely balanced, understated chocolate stout.
Minutely hazy straw green color. Lively, phenolic, yeasty aromas of mango banana custard and yams with a glycerous, soft, effervescent, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, engaging, medium-length nut bread and earth finish. A tasty fruit forward hefe.
Minutely hazy light gold color. Bright, attractive aromas of banana cake with buttercream frosting and praline with a silky, soft, spritzy, off-dry light body and a polished, breezy peach tart and radish sprouts finish. A nice spicy, snappy, crowd-pleasing hefe.
Gold color. Aromas of root vegetable, sourdough, and dried citrus with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy baking spice, melon, and orange custard finish. A solid wheat ale.
Minutely hazy yellow straw color. Delicate, interesting, meaty spicy aromas of sausage pizza crust, frittata, delicate spiced nuts, and spiced apple with an even, crisp, finely carbonated, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length plantain frittata, lemon marmalade, peppercorn muffin, and starfruit finish. A rock solid wit beer with a delicate spiciness.
Gold color. Aromas of blueberry yogurt and sourdough bread pudding with a creamy, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium body and a polished, delightful, crisp roasted root vegetable and bread and butter finish. Nice toasty, bready blueberry flavor.
Clear light gold color. Lively, citrusy aromas of lemon apple muffin, corn pudding, and toasted grain with a soft, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length melon, cream, and pepper finish. A big, malty fruity lager.
Minutely hazy medium brown color. Bright, attractive aromas of chocolate, dried fruits, and walnut with a supple, soft, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a graceful, interesting, medium-length toast, pepper dust, and taro root chip finish. An attractive, tasty, well made dark lager.
Minutely hazy copper color. Fruity aromas of raspberry jam on toast with an even, lively, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length kiwi, sprouts, and wafer finish. A rock solid, raspberry flavored wheat beer.
Cloudy burnt sienna color. Bright, savory, smoky aromas of smoked jerky and nuts with a velvety, lively, effervescent, off-dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, intriguing, medium-length caramelized dried fruit medley and toast finish. A nice, chewy, lightly smoked lager.
Clear dark brown color. Rich, attractive aromas of chocolate frosting on banana cake and buttery caramel with a soft, bright, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a tingling, amusing, medium-long toast, pepper, and radish finish. A dry, well balanced cream chocolate banana ale that is sure to please.
Medium bright dusty reddish mahogany color. Rich, spicy, toasty aromas of pumpkin cheesecake pie and latte with a silky, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length carrot cake, gingerbread, yams, and nutskin finish. A nice and balanced pumpkin beer.
Hazy golden amber color. Sour, tropical phenolic funky aromas of baked lemons and peaches, soda bread, leather, and pork rinds with a satiny, sharp, effervescent, sourish body and a tingling, complex, long orange vinegar, pomelo peel, overripe nectarine skin, and oak finish. A boldly sour fruity beer.
Honeycrisp apples, yellow delicious apples, lemon zest and maple sugar on the nose with a dry, crisp apple palate and refreshing finish. Just a hint of sweet but with the acidity to keep you going back for more. Simply apply delicious.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of apple cider with a tart, fizzy light-to-medium body and a crisp, kiwi and baked apple tart finish. A pleasant food affined sparkling apple cider with very good purity and acidity.
Deep golden color. Aromas spicy poached apple and nougat with a silky fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a herb, dried flower, mossy riverstone finish.
Brilliant copper color. Rich, tropical aromas of caramelized mangoes and oranges, banana nut muffin, and flan with a creamy, tart, finely carbonated, dryish medium-full body and a hot, complex, endless pepper, roasted grapefruit, and pine finish. A big bruiser of an ipa for hopheads.
 Certified Organic 
Clear medium light gold color. Lively, pure aromas of fresh picked apple, apple custard, and nougat with a soft, bright, effervescent, moderately sweet medium body and a silky, fast apple juice and sweet citrus finish. A tasty, fruity, crowd pleasing cider with nice purity of apple flavors.
Clear yellow straw color. Mild, interesting aromas of apple turnover, schmaltz almond cookie, and jolly rancher with a soft, spritzy, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and an even, engaging, medium-length honeyed yellow apple, nutskin, and minerals finish. A rock solid fruity cider with a nice toasty dimension.
Pale clear yellow color. Bright, herbal, hoppy aromas of dried hop leaves, apple nut strudel, and chamomile tea with a silky, vibrant, spritzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, carefree lemon-peach sorbet and hop candy finish. A balanced hoppy cider that will fun to pair with.
Clear light golden yellow color. Faint, interesting, sweet meaty aromas of hard cheese rind, waxy honeycomb, spiced apple, and pork jerky with a silky, bright, spritzy, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length apple gelato, peach and raisins, and Manuka honey finish. A exotic honeyed dessert cider.
Pale light sunburst color. Bright, fruity aromas of mixed berry soufflé and orange blossom honey with a silky, lively, effervescent, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk creamy vanilla nougat and clementine finish. A tangy, lightly creamy berry flavored cider; try with desserts.
Gold color. Aromas of berry sorbet and bubble gum with a supple, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, cheery candied citrus finish. A fun, fruity berry flavored cider.
Clear silver color. Faint, yeasty, creamy aromas of sour cream, dried apples and pears, apple pastry dough, and hay with an even, vibrant, petillant, fruity sweet light body and a seamless, rapid nutshell, dried lime, and earth finish. A funky, earthy cider for the table.
Gold color. Aromas of apple pie and cinnamon gelato with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a polished, interesting, easy honeyed citrus finish. A fun, spicy apple cider that screams fall.
Light amber color. Lively, fruity, floral aromas of fresh picked raspberries, raspberry sorbet, and lemon marmalade on muffin with a supple, crisp, spritzy, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a polished, relaxed raspberry phosphate and grassy earth finish. A refreshing, nicely balanced raspberry cider.
Clear golden amber color. Bright, interesting, complex savory aromas of white balsamic vinaigrette, baked chicken, golden raisin-apple compote, and grapes on the vine with a glycerous, crisp, petillant, sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-length nutskin, grassy earth, chalk eraser, and marinated artichoke finish. A intriguing, savory, and somewhat shrub-like cider that will shine at the table.
Clear light emerald straw color. Lively, floral, grassy aromas of apple, apple soufflé, and vanilla candle with a supple, racy, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, compelling, breezy nut brittle, butter roasted apples, lemon, and grassy earth finish. A very nice dried cider with great acidity that will shine at the table.
Hazy reddish mahogany color. Bright, attractive aromas of buttered raisin toast, creme brulee, and dried fruits with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length caramelized root vegetables, herb honey, delicately spicy banana bread pudding, and jicama finish. A nice fruity, lightly savory beer for the table.
Golden amber color. Aromas of orange and peach yogurts, brioche and candied yams with a frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, lemon pepper, herb, grass and beet accented finish.
Hazy old gold color. Aromas of warm tapioca, toasty peach cobbler, and scrambled eggs with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a foamy, nut, lettuce, and polenta accented finish. Solid.
Dark chestnut brown color. Aromas of milk chocolate, carob, and nut brittle with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and crisp, roasted grain, wafer, kiwi and grassy earth finish. A nice tidy porter.
Hazy deep amber color. Citrus and lingonberries on toast aromas have a tangy, yeasty edge with a foamy, dryish medium body and a lightly metallic grassy earth and peach pit accented finish. A bit angular, but should work well with food.
Brown black color. Fruity caramel, charred nut and molasses aromas with a off-dry, medium body and a tangy, jicama, mocha and peppery spice finish. A solid export stout.
Floral aromas of waxy honeycomb, orange and peach marmalades on a buttered scone with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nice fresh baguette and earthy hop finish. A nice carefree sipper.
Brown color. Funky aromas of nutshells, roasted root vegetables, stewed soy beans, and dusty haystack with a crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and an earthy dried fruit and toasty praline finish.
Clear dark copper color. Lively, fruity aromas of caramelized tropical fruits, grapefruit-apricot custard, and mocha latte with a silky, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, engaging, medium-length tootsie roll, fruit caramel, grapefruit marmalade, and watercress finish. A nicely sessionable, fruity ipa.
 Certified Organic 
Deep copper mahogany color. Aromas of honey toasted biscuit and chestnuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a husky, honeyed grain, carob, and grassy, leafy greens finish. Refreshing and balance with great grain character.
Bright golden yellow color. Mild aromas of buttered toast, lemon zest, and a hint of fig paste with a supple, round, dryish medium body and a tangy kiwi, saltines, and clover sprouts-like finish.
Golden color. Aromas of Bit-o-Honey candy wrapper, lime leaves and dried herbs with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a praline, lemon custard pie, and grassy earth finish.
Murky copper brown color. Bold aromas of singed rum raisin nut cake and chocolate covered apricots and citrus peels with a silky, sweet medium-to-full body and a plum sauce, mint, and vanilla nougat accented finish.
Bright yellow color. Aromas of toasted corn and apple butter with a frothy dryish medium body and a touch of lemon and pear on the crisp, refreshing finish. A nice lively kolsch.
Cloudy yellow color. Bright, herbal, earthy aromas of pepper bread focaccia, herbs, and buttered nuts with a supple, racy, bubbly, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long lemon pepper, grass, and banana bread crust finish. A very vibrant, lively and peppery gluten free ale.
Golden amber color. Mild olive bread and nut aromas with a supple, dryish medium body and a buttered roasted corn, caramel and earthy hops. Very nice.
Cloudy golden color with a silvery cast. Aromas of apple custard tart and tomato pepper bread with a round, crisp dry medium-to-full body and frothy egg, pear, pepper, and metallic mineral notes on the leafy hop finish.
Cloudy dark brown color. Lively, curious aromas of berry vinaigrette, chocolate covered fruit, and soy rice cake with a creamy, racy, finely carbonated, bone-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, medium-long buttered focaccia, turnip, salted nuts, and pine blossoms finish. A intriguing savory beer that will shine at the table.
Aromas of mocha candy, soy, and faint dried ham with a crisp dryish medium body and a roasted grain, peppery spice, and chocolate covered lemon and orange peel finish.
Beautiful amber salmon pink color. Fresh raspberry tart aromas with a frothy fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty berry sorbet and wafer finish. Very nicely balanced.
Aromas of roasted nuts, malt vinegar, grass, cocoa, and dried fruits with satiny, finely carbonated dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body a warming toasted cherry-date bread and spicy and pepper noble hop accented finish. An interesting UK-styled double IPA.
Minutely hazy golden color. Aromas of lemon cake and herb bread are attractive with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a great interplay of grain, apple, grass and minerals on the refreshing finish. Well done.
 Certified Organic 
Rich mocha mousse and chocolate wafer cookie aromas with a supple dryish light body and a fleeting burnt toast, wet iceberg lettuce and nut finish.
Brilliant bronze color. Lively, attractive aromas of buttery toffee, mango custard, and baguette with a soft, vibrant, effervescent, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, stimulating, breezy fruit cake, honeyed nuts, and peppery spices finish. A nice, surprisingly easy drinking barleywine.
Deep brown amber color. Aromas of mocha cherry fudge, soy and citrus marmalade with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, kiwi and cocoa accented finish. Very pleasant and balanced.
Amber color. Aromas of margarine sautéed vegetables and dried citrus with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, highly astringent nutshell, orange rind, peach pit, and peppery, herbal hop finish. A hopped up food beer.
Dark copper color. Lively, complex aromas of mango chutney, spicy apple yogurt, and tomato focaccia with a tangy, bubbly, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, short salted nuts, marmalade on rye toast, and fruit brandy finish. A pleasantly boozy barleywine.
Deep amber color. Roast grain and gilled citrus and peach aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a chewy, roasted root vegetable and pepper hop finish. A nice lighter-styled barleywine choice for the table; try with pork.
Aromas of toasted grain and soy with a crisp, frothy dryish medium body and a tart, lingering grilled citrus and greens-like hop finish. Very nice and a great choice for the table.
Copper brown color. Aromas of toasted date bread, mocha and roasted nuts with a soft, frothy medium body and a tangy, cocoa-dusted orange rind, grilled bread,and leafy greens-like hop finish.
Pale amber color. Rich honeyed pastry and corn bread aromas with a supple, finely carbonated dry-yet-fruity medium full with a lingering melon, nut, and roasted corn finish. A richly styled pilsner that will be an ally at the table.
Bright golden yellow color. Mild aromas suggest clay, wax and dried citrus with a crisp, dry light body and a wispy starfruit, fennel toast, kiwi and snappy hop finish.
Golden amber color. Aromas of roasted corn and root vegetables, candy corn, and dates with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, toasted buttered bread, greens, and honeyed pear finish. A nice food beer.
Reddish amber color. Aromas of peach, apple, orange, and lemon cake with a crisp, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium and a tangy, kiwi, nut and radish accented finish.
Amber color. Fruity Brach's caramel aromas with hints of buckwheat honey on rye toast. Soft and frothy with a dry-yet-fruity medium body and dried citrus and peach and peppered turnip accented finish. An easy going food beer.
Bright golden color. Aromas of sweet corn pudding and honeyed raisin toast with a crisp, frothy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an apple skin, stone fruit, and dusty wheat grass like finish. A nice euro-lager quencher.
Deep copper color. Bold aromas of garlicky dill pickle and honeyed fruits with a soft, flat light-to-medium body and a warming vanilla flan, brandy, sweet potato, peppered jicama, and chocolate dusted kiwi finish. Different.
Deep brown black color. Chocolate, roasted omelet, and buttery nougat aromas with a light-to-medium body and a bamboo shoot, nutskin and burnt pumpernickel accented finish. A savory food beer.
Hazy amber copper color. Hoppy aromas of grilled citrus, peach yogurt and pine with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, grilled root vegetable and resiny bark accented finish. A nice hoppy fireside IPA.
Aromas of toasted bread, dried apple, circus peanut, and cocoa with a supple, chewy medium-full body and a very bitter char-roasted nut, coffee bean, cacao nib, and pomegranate molasses driven finish with grassy peppery hops. Intense.
Deep amber copper color. Aromas of buttered multigrain toast and faint marinate okra with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and honey baked orange and pineapple, kale, and peppery hop finish.
Pale amber color. Aromas of honeyed pumpernickel toast and delicate citrus with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a crisp, dried veggie and watercress-like finish.
Dark ruby bronze color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate toffee, caramelized citrus, and pepper focaccia with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, amusing, medium-length finish with elements of roasted nut, pepper, and minerals. A tasty pale ale with a lot of roasted grain character that will play out nicely at the table.
Deep copper brown color. Aromas of spicy carrot cake, cocoa and dates with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a honeyed citrus peel, watercress and bitter pine cone accented finish.
Brown black color. Aromas and flavors of baker's chocolate and roasted nuts with a crisp, dry medium body and a roasted grain, coffee and frisee-like hop finish. A rock solid stout.
Deep copper mahogany color. Aromas flavors of dark roasted nuts and grains with a very crisp, dry medium-to-full body and an astringency baker's cocoa, roasted coffee bean, pepper, white ash and radicchio-like bitter hop finish. A bold, expansive, roasty alt that is different, but fun.
Cloudy light copper color. Aromas and flavors of spiced pear, peach soufflé, fruit gum, and floral honeycomb with a satiny fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, baked lemon, kiwi and grassy hop accented finish. A nice food beer.
Bright clear old gold color with fleeting bubbles. Bright buttered raisin toast aromas with a crisp, dryish medium body and a nice peppery frisee and radicchio-like hop finish. A very pleasant take on the style, but could use more rusticity.
Pale golden amber color. Mild aromas and flavors of buttered orange bread toast and nuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, citrus and delicately peppery micro-greens-like hop finish. Not really a Belgian white, but nicely balanced and quite tasty.
Dark brown black color. Roasted coffee and dark chocolate aromas and flavors with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a prune pastry and mild earth hops accented finish.
Dark brown color. Somewhat funky aromas of corn pudding, toffee, and fruit yogurt with a fruity medium body and a kiwi marmalade, lettuce, and honey roasted nut finish.
Rich amber color with an invincible blanket of fine foam. Aromas of cocoa dusted cashews, fig bread, and honeycomb with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a dainty starfruit, pear, and delicate spice finish. An effortlessly drinkable English session ale.
Slightly hazy golden amber color. Vibrant aromas and flavors of banana bread, peppercorns, spice and floral honeycomb with a pillowy, finely carbonated fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy green pear, radish sprout, and wheatgrass nuanced finish. Excellent vibrancy and integration of flavors. Fish tacos.
Hazy golden amber color. Aromas of caramel drizzled banana bread toast, chives, and delicate herbs with a crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a tangy dried citrus, grass, and peppercorn accented finish.
Clear copper color. Nicely meshed spice aromas, carrot cake, chive, and banana muffin with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a crisp, apple, pear, cocoa, and peppery spice finish. Tasty.
Golden amber color. Delicate honeycomb and toasty pastry aromas with a soft, dryish medium body and a crisp, pear, wafer, jicama, and peppery spice accented finish. Tasty.
Aromas of apple cream cheese pastry, carob granola, and melon rind with a tart dryish medium body and a lemon, kiwi, and wafer driven finish.
Hazy copper color. Bright aromas of fruit pie, herbal hop pellets, chive, and grapefruit marmalade with a tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a leafy green hop, citrus peel, and grass finish.
Minutely hazy copper color. Interesting aromas of sage-oregano turkey stuffing with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a savory zucchini bread toast, honey accented finish with zesty citrusy hops. A unique arc of appetizing flavors. Serve with pizza or turkey.
Dark brown color. Aromas of dark roasted nut toffee, smoked jerky and delicate charcoal embers with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy, nicely balanced finish with notes of brown sugar and coffee. A easy drinking smoked beer.
Brilliant orange amber color. Aromas of toasted fruit bread, radish and lemon custard with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long balanced grassy, peppery greens hop finish.
Pale golden color. Aromas of lemon cake and soufflé with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a crisp, starfruit, apple, and mineral finish. A refreshing lawnmower beer.
Golden amber color. Aromas of toasted peach pastry and lemon marmalade with a very crisp, dryish medium body and a aggressive grassy, resinous citrusy bark like hop finish.
Dark brown color. Aromas of molasses cookie, dried fruits, apple cider, and chocolate nuts with a supple, tangy medium body and a mocha, citrus, pepper, and sprouts accented finish.
Copper color. Bright roasted nut aromas with a supple dryish medium body and a crisp, citrus and grassy hop finish.
Cloudy pale amber color. Grainy bread dough, nut, and banana custard aromas with a lively, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy orange, starfruit and mineral finish. A zesty quaffer.
Bright golden yellow color. Bold aromas of spice, lemon basil, dried fruits, praline and earth with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a highly astringent and savory baguette, pine, and citrus driven finish. Nice vibrancy for hop heads.
Deep copper color. Aromas of frosted flakes, hazelnut pastry, and chocolate soufflé with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a savory mole, starfruit, nut, and grassy, watercress-like hop accented finish. Different and fun.
Clear golden yellow color. Bright, citrusy aromas of lemon marmalade, lemon-orange custard, Cherrios, and coriander with an even, tart, effervescent, fruity sweet body and a smooth, engaging, medium-long buttered toasted pretzel bread, lemonade, spiced kiwi, and nutskins finish. A tasty, easy drinking gose with a nice combo of toast and lemon.
Dark brown color. Rich freshly sliced coconut and spiced apple aromas with a satiny fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy, dried peach, molasses, and coconut cream pie finish. Nice.
Copper brown color. Aromas and flavors of vanilla bean, almond cookie, cinnamon sugar and cola with a frothy fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a spiced peach, pepper, and turnip accented finish with grassy hops.
Brilliant light gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of apple pastry and corn bread with a supple, crisp, fizzy, dryish light-to-medium body and a polished, medium-length apples, honey, and bibb lettuce finish. A solid quaffer.
Dark chestnut brown. Bold wet grain aromas suggest edamame, caramelized nut pastry and herb marinated beets with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tomato jelly on rye and peppery rapini-like hop finish. An interesting, savory food beer.
Engaging aromas of creme brulee, roasted nut, clay, dried citrus and stone fruits with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy fruit cake, bubblegum, pepper, and grassy hop finish. A nice fruity IPA that is a pleasure to drink and will be good with pub grub.
Golden amber color. Fruity caramel and citrus pastry aromas with a frothy, dryish medium body and a honeyed, stewed apricot and root vegetable and kale finish with peppery hops. A nice, fruity food IPA.
Copper amber color. Aromas of fresh pine sap and sliced grapefruit with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty and astringent Key lime custard, nut, and peppered kale like hop finish. A nice fresh hop ale.
Cloudy golden amber color. Aromas of overripe banana, yogurt, spice and a whiff of acetone with a supple, fruity medium body and a tangy, strawberry vinaigrette, turnip, and grassy earth accented finish.
Cloudy golden color with a high head. Mild aromas of dried banana, wafer, and minerals with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a nicely astringent hop and delicate spice finish. Refreshing.
Hazy golden color. Aromas of butter sautéed carrots, herb bread, and omelet with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a creamy, Alfalfa sprout, pear and mineral accented finish. A nice savory food beer for Thai food or Mediteranean food.
Dull mahogany color. Aromas and flavors of smoked meats, leather, grilled rapini, and brown sugar with a crisp, finely carbonated, sourish medium-to-full body and a appealing, medium length finish with accents of burnt bread crust, overripe grapefruit, dark chocolate cocoa nibs, and tomato molasses. An interesting balance of sweet and roasted malts that needs food; try with mole.
Pale golden yellow color. Aromas of pepper bread and and scallion omelet with a very crisp, dryish medium body and a highly astringent, nettle-like bittering hop finish. Not really a mild, but a good match for hot wings.
Deep brown with a tan head. Aromas and flavors of dark pumpernickel toast, dried fruits, and smoked Brazil nuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, mole, twig, paprika, and grilled pepper accented finish. A solid smoke beer for chili.
Dark amber copper color. Aromas of wet roasted grain, powdered citrus cleanser, dusty herbs, and brown grain with a crisp, racy dryish medium body and a grilled root vegetable, stewed spinach, and rapini finish.
Very dark reddish brown color. Dense aromas of spicy orange-date bread, buckwheat honey, putty and nuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a frothy, peppery, herbal and grassy hop flourish on the finish.
Old gold color. Delicate aromas and flavors of toasted peach pastry and lemon-banana cake with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, medium-length finish that shows notes of greens, nuts, pepper, and root vegetable. A solid, zesty lager for the table.
Pale straw color. Aromas of apple yogurt, balsa, and nougat with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy nectarine and apple skin and mineral driven finish. a sturdy cider for the table.
Golden yellow color. Bright fruity aromas of apple blossom and sherbet with a soft, fruity light-to-medium body and a breezy, tart apple skin and core and chalk finish. A carefree quaffer.
Old gold color. Sulfury eggy aromas dominate the nose with yeasty apple yogurt and dried apple notes underneath. Very crisp and carbonated with a tangy, mouthwatering dry-yet-fruity medium body and a Meyer lemon like citrus twang on the finish. Definitely a food cider that has a funky sparkling gruner veltliner-like quality; try with seafood lasagna.
Pale silvery straw color. Bold waxy honeycomb, carnation, and buttermilk aromas with a crisp, dryish medium body and tart baked red apple and honeyed lemon zest finish. A nice honeyed, zesty cider for the table.
Ruddy mahogany color. Aromas and flavors of dried apple and pear, chestnut honey, and praline with a fruity sweet, lightly effervescent light-to-medium body and a relaxed brown sugar and earth finish. Pleasant if a little understated, and "semi-hard-like".
Rich copper color. Aromas of sourdough bread, apricot jam, and spiced nuts and apples with a frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy overripe pear and pepper finish.
Black brown color with a saffron amber cast. Aromas of cocoa, pine sap, and citrus rind with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a piquant pepper, citrus, and rapini nuanced finish. A lively, hoppy, food friendly IS.
Black brown color. Aromas of coffee, dark chocolate, and green peppercorn with a crisp, dryish medium body and a tangy dried citrus and root vegetable, roasted nut, and burnt cigar tobacco accented finish. Nice astringency and table friendliness.
Dark brown with a copper cast and a khaki lace. Aromas of toasted nut bread, grilled greens, cocoa and lemon pepper with a frothy, dryish medium body and a deft hint of smoked nuts and chocolate on the nice grassy hop finish. A mild Scotch ale.
Golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of fresh ginger, sweet potato chip, turmeric tea, and chili pepper with a frothy, dryish medium-to-full body and a tangy, corn puff, pepper jelly, and ginger snap finish. Different and fun.
Reddish mahogany color with a beige lace. Aromas and flavors of caramelized fruits and butter roasted nuts with a supple, dryish medium body and a peppery mole, spicy pastry, black strap molasses, and grain.
Black brown color. Dense aromas of wood charcoal, over roasted coffee, and burnt popcorn with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a finely carbonated cigar ash, grilled mustard greens, molasses and cocoa powder finish. Intense roasted bitterness make this hard to approach on its own, try with cigars.
Deep brown color with an old bone lace. Aromas of spicy frosted carrot cake, zucchini-herb bread, and chocolate muffin with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a frothy, dusty grain, kale, and radish finish.
Golden amber color. Compacted aromas of minty, green tea and tropical citrus like hops and toasted peach pastry with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity and a pleasantly drying, toasty finish with notes of dried mango, orange, and radicchio. A rock solid pale ale that is quite sessionable.
Minutely hazy deep amber color. Aromas of apricot creme brulee and pineapple vinaigrette with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a toasty meringue, banana yogurt, pepper, and clay on the finish. A sweet and savory food beer.
Dark brown bronze color. Aromas of brown butter, green peanuts, and kale with a supple, dryish medium body and a caramelized banana, nut, pepper and grass finish. A zippy quaffer.
Beautiful bronze color. Aromas of salty crackers, roasted nuts, dark chocolate, and smoked cheese rind with a supple, dryish medium body and a grain husk, pepper, pear. and sprouts accented finish. Nice restraint and balance.
Brown black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of roasted nuts, praline, and instant coffee with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dryish medium body and a tingling, brisk finish with notes of nut shells, over roasted coffee bean, bamboo shoot, and turnip. A pleasantly crisp black beer.
Pale golden color. Aromas of tropical fruit tart and grilled citrus with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a zesty, tangy, roasted nut and peppery hop accented finish.
Golden amber color. Dank hoppy aromas of grilled tangerine, fresh oregano, and roasted root vegetables with a crisp, dry medium body and a quick vegetable and bitter greens led finish with a paper and metallic mineral twang.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of nut butter, grassy herbs, and clementine rind with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and wheat wafer, melon rind, pepper and grass finish. A savory wit for the table.
Slightly hazy brassy color. Mild aromas of cheese rind and fresh herb baguette with a crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and banana soufflé, nectarine, citrus, and radish finish with just a trace of peppery spices. More of a kristal weizen than a wit in style, but tasty.
Hazy pale amber color. Aromas of peach buttercream on toasted banana cake with a loosely carbonated fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a somewhat flat, wheat cracker, lemon ice, and sprouts finish.
Opaque dark mahogany color. Aromas of sherry, red grape, soy sauce, and chocolate covered glazed donut with a finely carbonated, medium-to-full body and a prickly, medium length roasted root vegetables, roasted hazelnut, black strap molasses, and cocoa nibs finish. A powerful barrel aged porter that's a bit hot, but would pair well with cigars.
Hazy old gold color. Aromas and flavors of cannabis, grapefruit marmalade, tapioca, and caramelized pineapple with a supple, crisp, fizzy, dryish light-to-medium body and a warming, brisk finish with notes of grilled turnip, greens, bamboo, and pine cone. A sturdy earthy IPA.
Minutely hazy dark copper color. Delicate, fruity, grassy aromas of dark honey, brazil nut pastry, and earth with a supple, bright, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length apple compote, watercress, and banana chips finish. A solid Belgian amber for sipping or the table.
Hazy old gold color. Aromas of barnyard, wet straw, clay, and tangerine peel with a finely carbonated, sour medium-to-full body and a long overripe peaches, lemon candy, and straw finish. An American wild ale that is a good marriage of brett fermentation flavors and a balanced sourness; try with game.
Hazy dull gold color. Mild, jammy, tropical funky fruity aromas of baked peach and lemon, nut toast, and honeycomb with a soft, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, easy peppercorn muffin and nuts finish. A nice lightly fruited lager with crisp bittering hops to balance.
Bright gold color. Interesting aromas and flavors of Italian herbs, tomato focaccia, and dried orange and mango with a chewy, crisp, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and an astringent, breezy finish with notes of nutshell, cocoa, pepper, and pomelo. A sturdy, table friendly rye IPA.
Pale golden silver color. Delicate aromas and flavors of baked apple and honey with a supple, vibrant, spritzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, breezy finish with accents of mineral, melon rind, and green apple skin. A relaxing easy drinking cider.
Dark brown black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of chocolate covered fruits, coffee, and roasted nuts with a supple, crisp, frothy, medium-to-full body and a seamless, crisp finish that presents overtones of soy, water chestnut, and minerals. A pleasant stout.
Cloudy golden yellow color. Lively aromas and flavors of egg sandwich and dried apricot with a supple, tangy, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish that shows notes of wheat cracker, apricot marmalade, and alfalfa sprouts. A tasty, purely flavored apricot wheat beer.
Bright gold color. Yeasty aromas of sourdough toast, schmaltz cookie, and dried apple with a supple, tart, spritzy, dryish medium body and an astringent, captivating, breezy minerals, lemon, and nutshells finish with dusty tannins. An earthy, very dry cider for the table.
Bright light golden amber color. Yeasty aromas and flavors of dried apple, muddy hay, yeasty dough, and apple cider vinegar with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity light body and a tingling, interesting, long finish revealing notes of watercress and melon rind. A nice earthy, tangy scrumpy cider that will be great with cheeses.
Hazy gold color. Lively, dank, tropical aromas of honeyed citrus, banana custard, pine cone, and toast with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dry light-to-medium body and a warming, compelling, medium-length spiced nuts, roasted sweet potato, and peppered mustard greens finish. A nice savory ipa that will be great with pub grub.
Deep amber color. Interesting aromas and flavors of brown sugar, maple fudge, and roasted apples with a supple, bright, petillant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a warming, appealing, medium-length finish with accents of oak, molasses, tart apple skin, and cream with moderate oak. A strongly flavored cider with lots of molasses notes.
Dark mahogany ruby color. Delicate, inviting aromas and flavors of baked apples, toffee, and cola float with a supple, vibrant, frothy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, medium-length finish with notes of molasses, lemon curd, and apple butter. A pleasant, nutty cider.
Golden silver color. Lively aromas of spiced apples, straw, delicate herbs, and pear yogurt with a supple, crisp, petillant, dryish body and a tingling, carefree lemon, melon, hop leaves, and apple water finish. A dry, earthy, lightly hopped cider for the table.
Gold color. Bright, spicy, interesting aromas and flavors of cinnamon, apple strudel, and schmaltz cookie with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, charming, crisp finish with nuances of pork rind and cinnamon tea. An interesting cinnamon led cider with unexpected meatiness.
Bright clear brilliant golden yellow color. Delicate, citrusy, toasty grassy aromas of lemon pastry, praline, and herb bread with a soft, crisp, effervescent, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy kale, radish sprouts, and lemon pepper finish. A rock solid session ipa.
Bright amber color. Lively, fruity, herbal aromas of candied orange and mango, pizza crust, melon balls, and pine blossoms with a silky, vibrant, bubbly, dryish medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length mustard greens, caramelized citrus, turnips, and pepper finish. A spicy food beer.
Amber orange color. Delicate aromas and flavors of stewed veggies, dried tropical fruit, and wet grain with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, amusing, breezy finish imparting impressions of salted nuts, toast, pepper, and orange marmalade. A table friendly combination of sweet and savory flavors.
Golden yellow color. Mild aromas and flavors of buttered nuts, dried fruit, and sourdough with a supple, crisp, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a finish with notes of roasted turnip, pepper bread, omelet, and water chestnut. A nice savory pilsner.
Hazy deep amber color. Attractive aromas and flavors of toasted peach pastry and honeyed hominy with a supple, crisp, frothy, light-to-medium body and a mildly astringent, medium-length finish that presents notes of raisin toast, nuts, bitter greens, and pepper. A zesty lager that will be great with sausage and festival foods.
Deep amber copper color. Rich, fruity aromas and flavors of apricot and pineapple marmalades and toasted pepper bread with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, complex, medium-long finish displaying elements of pepper, greens, and roasted corn. A great hoppy Octoberfest beer.
Black color. Confected aromas of root beer float, spice box, and milk chocolate caramel bar with a supple, bright, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-length pumpkin pie finish. A tasty, pumpkin pie like imperial stout.
Opaque dark brown color. Lively aromas and flavors of roasted grains, dried fruit, mocha toffee, and black licorice with a supple, vibrant, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish that shows touches of roasted apple and carrot and pepper. A nice zesty winter ale.
Dark-Brown color. Mild aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts, coffee sorbet, and apple cider vinegar with a silky, bright, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, medium-length finish imparting notes of salty nuts, caramel yogurt, arugula, and olive. A nice savory, umami accented chocolate stout.
Medium brilliant clear deep amber color. Delicate, woody, toasty sweet spicy aromas of caramel, dried fruits, corn bread pudding, and sautéed carrots and mustard greens with a supple, crisp, bubbly, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, engaging, relaxed dried citrus, turnip, kiwi, and pepper finish. An earthy pub beer.
Minutely hazy pale amber color. Lively, herbal, earthy aromas of thyme, mango custard, powdered lemon, and pine blossoms with a glycerous, crisp, finely carbonated, fruity sweet medium body and a peppery, distinctive, long grilled apricot, vanilla-coconut yogurt, and dusty radish finish. A bold, careening carload of hops.
Dull mahogany color. Mild, interesting aromas of cocoa, fig pastry, cola, and hint of spice rubbed meat with a supple, bright, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length chocolate lemon peels and peaches, pepper, and arugula finish. A pleasant, zesty Baltic porter that will be a good match at the table.
Brilliant bronze color. Rich, spicy, fruity aromas of ginger spice cake, coriander, and candied lavender with a silky, bright, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, intriguing, medium-length salted nuts, grilled parsnips, and bbq rub finish. A richly spiced winter ale that will go great with desserts.
Hazy amber color. Lively, attractive aromas of banana chips, sourdough toast, and spiced nut with a velvety, bright, spritzy, off-dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, nuanced, medium-long corn bread pudding, watercress, and radish sprouts finish. A very nice hefe that is clean and stylish.
Brilliant light gold color. Bright, meaty aromas of egg sandwich, cashews, and lime zest with an even, bright, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, fast dried citrus, nectarine, and lemon pepper finish. A nice savory kolsch that will be best with food.
Brilliant light gold color. Delicate, confected aromas of bubblegum, peach jam on rye toast, and pineapple-banana sorbet with a glycerous, vibrant, spritzy, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length banana bread pudding, peppery spices, and salty sweet potato chips finish. A big, boozy Belgian treat.
Gold color. Aromas of orange and bread with a supple, crisp, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, buoyant kiwi, yams, and turnip finish. A slid summer quaffer with light orange flavor.
Cloudy bright medium reddish mahogany color. Lively, sour, fruity aromas of sour cherry, berry vinegar, and sourdough bread with a velvety, racy, finely carbonated, sweet medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-long honey lemon vinaigrette, mesclun, and tamarind finish. A nice juicy lightly sour beer.
Minutely hazy deep amber color. Attractive, savory smoky aromas of smoked meats and smoked gouda with an flat, spritzy, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-long pepper, chili powder, and smoked paprika finish.
Opaque dark brown color. Bright, attractive aromas of dark chocolate, caramelized nuts, and sautéed mushroom with a lean, soft, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long chocolate orange peel and dark coffee finish. A mellow, well balanced and well aged imperial stout.
Minutely hazy amber color. Delicate, attractive aromas of honey butter on raisin toast and peach vinaigrette on lettuce with a supple, tangy, effervescent, sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, amusing, medium-length lemon, radish, and spiced nuts finish. A nicely balanced and approachable fruity lambic.
Pale clear amber color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of fruitcake, honeyed pepper bread, pine, and kelp with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy spiced citrus, overripe melon, turnip, and pepper finish. A nice zesty choice for the table.
Dusty bright maroon color. Lively, interesting aromas of floral honey, granola, kiwi marmalade, and moss with a supple, soft, bubbly, dryish light body and a smooth, odd, quick white chocolate nuts, fig bread, vanilla-orange custard, and river stones finish. An interesting creamy malty ipa with a soft hop impression that is more of a mild ale.
 Certified Organic 
Medium clear light gold color. Faint, musty, grainy baked aromas of almond praline, crayon, dried meat, and paper with an even, bright, spritzy, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a silky, rapid apple sauce and pastry and caramelized kiwi finish. A dark toned, earthy cider.
Clear light gold color. Bright, exotic, spicy aromas of lemongrass, fresh ginger, spicy apple pie, and mushroom with an even, tangy, spritzy, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length caramelized citrus finish. A nicely spiced holiday cider.
Gold color. Aromas of fresh ginger, apple turnover, and honey with a supple, soft, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a brisk ginger beer, yellow apple, starfruit, and minerals finish. A nice delicate, ginger beer like cider.
Cloudy light gold color. Bright, baked, fruity citrusy jammy aromas of baked apples, lemon curd, and banana nut muffin with an oily, lively, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, elegant, medium-length kiwi and spiced apples finish. A bold, flavor packed cider with vibrant acidity.
Gold color. Aromas of apple on the tree and nut brittle with a supple, bright, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, relaxed melon and citrus finish.
Clear silvery straw color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of baked lemon, gingerbread, spiced apples, and piney herbs with a supple, lively, spritzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length caramel apple, lemonade, and fancy lemon-mint bath soap finish. A pleasant cider shandy; try in a cidertail.
Clear light straw green color. Mild, earthy aromas of plantain, dried apple, and granola with a satiny, lively, spritzy, very sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length kiwi-orange sorbet and mint leaf finish. A nice tangy cider that will cover a lot of bases.
Light pale burnt sienna color. Mild, fruity aromas of cranberry sauce, roasted nuts, ghee, and moss with a soft, tangy, effervescent, fruity sweet medium body and a seamless, charming, medium-long apple sauce finish. A delicious, pure and tangy cranberry cider.
Pale old gold color. Bold, smoky, rubbery aromas of car tire, dark roasted nuts, and grilled apples and apple wood with a glycerous, tangy, spritzy, sweet medium body and a tingling, layered, medium-length reduced lemon, nut skins and shells, and apple vinegar and core finish. A smoky, sour, puckering cider that will be great with seafood.
Minutely hazy golden amber color. Aromas of caramel corn, fruitcake, Greek lemon yogurt, lemon pepper, and parsnip with a frothy, dryish medium body and a honeyed nut, pear, grass, and pepper finish. An interesting food beer.
Interesting aromas suggest crusty beef pot pie, baker's chocolate, beach grass and moss, and yams with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a dried fruit, dark roasted coffee bean, mustard greens, cigar ash, and earth finish.
Old gold color. Bright orange marmalade on toast, flower patch, and oregano aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, kiwi and starfruit and grass finish. Rich and tasty.
Amber color. Aromas and flavors of bread dough, melon and kiwi sorbet with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a crisp grassy hop finish. A nicely refreshing everyday lager with a fruity twist.
Old gold color. Aromas of orange cake and almond brittle with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a grain and pepper finish.
Pale amber color. Aromas of peach jam, buttery caramel, and cinnamon apple danish with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a very crisp, grassy, herbal, and citrusy hop finish. Solid and appealing.
Dark reddish brown color. Aromas of baker's chocolate and sourdough toast with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an peach marmalade, kale, and radish sprout-like finish. A solid food beer.
Bright golden color. Aromas of omelet, apple sauce and sweet cole slaw with a soft dryish light-to-medium body and a dried fruit, melon, and wheatgrass accented finish.
Dark brown color. Aromas and flavors of mango chutney, cashew butter, and dried banana and apples with a supple, lively, effervescent, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and an astringent, delightful, medium-long finish with shades of peppery spice, honeyed raisin toast, and bamboo. A rich and fruity dessert beer.
Golden amber color. Honey butter, white blossoms, and roasted corn aromas are reminiscent of Corn Pops cereal with a supple, dryish medium body and tangy, citrus custard and peppered arugula accented finish. A sturdy quaffer that will stand up to greasy pub grub.
Deep copper color. Bold milk chocolate bar and praline aromas and flavors with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nicely attenuated grain toast and radish-like accents on the finish.
Dark bonze brown color. Dimensional aromas of whole wheat grain and dough, flax oil, dried banana and brown spices with a supple, dryish medium body and a frothy canned water chestnut and grassy earth finish.
Bright copper color. Bright lemon, thyme, and lavender (spic n span-like) and car wax aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy herb citrus chutney and Asian spice fade.
Hazy pale amber color. Aromas of pineapple-apple yogurt, dried kale, and cheese puff with a supple, frothy dry medium body and a sour dried apple and pear, prairie grass, lemon, and ashy cheese rind finish. Not very Flander's red-like, but pleasant.
Pale golden color. Very dusty grain and nut brittle aromas with a supple, dryish medium body and an earthy grassy hop, melon rind and nougat finish.
Amber color. Aromas of fruity custard, toasted pastry and bubblegum with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a melon sorbet and leafy greens finish. A crowd pleaser.
Light hazy golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of orange pepper, mango yogurt, and raisin toast with a chewy, vibrant, frothy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium length finish with notes of exotic spices, vanilla cream, and honeyed radish. A big and chewy Belgian ale with lots of fruit and of hop support.
Buttered toast, praline, and edamame aromas with a crisp, dryish medium body and a lightly vegetal, grassy hop and honey driven finish.
Nearly opaque brown black color. Creamy, nutty aromas of dark chocolate mousse, pecan pie, and vanilla latte with a lean, vibrant, effervescent, dryish medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long mocha, pepper, and baking spices finish. A big, chocolatey barrel aged beer with nice peppery warmth.
Rich amber color. Aromas of omelet and honeyed vanilla waffle with a dry-yet-fruity medium and a roasted sweet potato and peppery radish sprout finish.
Bright fruity custard aromas and flavors with a supple dryish medium body and a refreshing kiwi, nut and citrus peel finish. A solid quaffer that t will shine with spicy Latin food.
Hazy copper color with a taupe head. Aromas of caramelized nuts and figs with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and highly roasted grain and nuts and hint of phenols on the crisp finish. A refreshing food beer.
Aromas of honeyed biscuit, dried flower and nectarine with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a crisp, fruit and peppered watercress like hop finish. A solid quaffer.
Pale amber color. Aromas of dried fruits and lemon muffin with a supple, dryish medium body and a crisp, frothy pistachio and sprouts-like hop finish. Nicely balanced and flavorful.
Lush honeyed cashew butter, dark dried fruits, leather and creamy chocolate with a silky, dryish medium body and a coffee, roasted nut, and mustard greens-like hop finish. Pair with goulash or smoked cheese.
Pure golden amber color. Pine bark, buttery peach honey pasty, and pickled okra aromas and flavors with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy citrus marmalade, praline, peach, and pepper accent finish.
Beautiful amber color. Aromas of toasted corn bread, peach custard and herb butter with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy candied citrus peel, lettuce, and okra accented finish.
 Certified Organic 
Gold color. Lively aromas and flavors of omelet, toast, and peach butter with a supple, bright, effervescent, dryish light body and a relaxed finish manifesting accents of sprouts, minerals, and banana chips. A rock solid light lager with nice hoppiness on the finish.
Golden amber color. Aromas of honeyed nuts and fruitcake with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, frothy yellow apple, banana bread, pepper and grass finish. A nice session beer.
Aromas of waxy Bit-o-Honey candy, coconut buttercream and cocoa with a supple, plush fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a creamy, confectionary, mocha whipped cream finish.
Dark-Brown color. Aromas of lemon pepper muffin, quiche, and caramelized carrots with a supple, lively, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, medium-length orange marmalade, pepper, and turnips finish. A zesty, peppery Belgian ale that will pair well.
Amber color. Aromas of roasted nuts, toast, and yellow squash with a frothy drying medium body and a grainy, dusty greens, starfruit and grass accented finish.
Golden amber color. Aromas of apple butter and floury scone with a hint of root beer. Crisp and soft with a dryish light-to-medium body and a foamy sprouts, mint and grass accented finish.
Brilliant deep amber color with a long lasting blanket of fine foam. Bold citrusy, coniferous herbal hop, chocolate cookie, and bread aromas with a rich, foamy dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy apricot jam, burnt orange peel, radish, and faint metallic, phenolic tang on the finish. A very hoppy take on the style.
Hazy brown color. Aromas of chocolate covered cherry and raspberry with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, roasted root vegetable and pecan, grass and pepper finish. Tasty, but not an amber ale.
Pale copper color. Vibrantly hoppy aromas of citrus peels, pine needle, and slightly sourish succotash with a fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a apricot jam, medicinal bark and grassy hop driven finish. A big bold and earth and citrus hop affair for hopheads.
Dark brown black color. Rich aromas of chocolate nuts and yogurt, edamame, dried fruit chutney with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a dark roasted nut, lightly smoky peat, and arugula like hops.
Charred nuts, coffee beans, and roasted root vegetable medley aromas and flavors with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a smooth, balanced, chocolate and grassy hop accented finish. Direct and stylish.
Bright copper amber color. Interesting aromas and flavors savory buckwheat bilini, citrus marmalade, and a hint of soy and sorghum with a crisp, dryish medium body and black licorice, molasses and grapefruit accented finish. A nice refreshing, food friendly pale ale.
Brown black color. Interesting aromas of chocolate covered ginger and herbal tomato foccacia with a silky dryish medium body and a dark roasted pecan and grassy green hop driven finish. Serve with deep dish pizza.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate covered cherries and berries, peach jam, and nut toast with a zesty light-to-medium body and a citrus and kale accented finish. A nice lively take on the style.
Dark brown color. Aromas of spiced dried fruit chutney, bread crust and roasted nuts with a supple, frothy fruity-yet-dry medium body and a coffee, tangy orange and apple accented finish.
Hazy deep amber color. Bold aroma of circus peanut and grape jam is dominating with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy peach-date chutney, banana chip, and peppered greens accented finish.
Deep copper brown color. Bright, spicy well-done pumpkin pie aromas have an interesting hint of goulash underneath with a supple, dryish medium body and a caramelized nut, wheat grass, and pear accented finish.
Dark brown color with a golden rim. Bright holiday spice aromas with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a glazed spiced apple and sweet potato finish. Very nice liquid fruit cake.
Copper color. Aromas of honeyed muffin, fruit compote, and delicate spices with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a hoppy glazed apple, pear, dried citrus peel, and toasted nut accented finish.
Pale amber color. Ginger-orange marmalade and English muffin aromas with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a honey and root vegetable accented finish. A pleasant easy-drinking IPA.
Light amber color. Aromas of spicy honey, grilled citrus and vegetables with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, stone fruit, pepper, grassy hop finish. Nice earthy hoppy bite will be good with pub food.
Pale golden amber color. Aromas of lemon herb lozenge, buttery praline, and honeyed tea with a soft, fruity medium body and a tangy honeyed citrus, peach custard and minty hop finish.
Bright root beer, mint gum and candied yam like aromas with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a spicy, confectionary finish.
Pale golden amber color. Aromas of eggy fruit pastry, prom corsage, pink peppercorn, herbal tea, with a supple, dryish medium body and a roasted carrot and lettuce greens accented finish. A nice food beer.
Golden amber color. Aromas of peach butter and salty nut brittle with a chewy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, tingling young coconut, melon, salty baguette, peppercorn, and grassy herb and rapini finish.
Dusty grain and and whole roasted peanut aromas and flavors with a frothy dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshing, nicely balanced citrus and earthy hop finish. A tasty quaffer.
Golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of apple turnover and banana soufflé with a supple, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy, citrus accented finish. Tasty with a pleasing ale-like fruitiness.
Aromas of molasses, mint gum, plum pastry, and caulk with a soft, dry-yet-fruity and a rock candy, spice, and mild leafy greens-like hops of the finish. A nice easy-going dubbel.
Slightly hazy pale amber color. Aromas of yeasty fruitcake, lemon poppy seed muffin, baking spice, and buttered baguette with a tangy, frothy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and an emphasis on honeyed dried fruit, sprouts, wheat wafer, and grass on the long, lightly peppery finish.
Aromas of honey baked ham with pineapple, clove and cinnamon raisin toast with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a breezy wafer, alfalfa sprouts, citrus marmalade and melon taffy. Lot of complex fruitiness in a lighter style.
Minutely hazy golden color. Delicate peach and Meyer lemon soufflé aromas, toast, delicate spice aromas with a crisp, chewy medium-to-full body and a tangy, citrus, radish and peppery hop finish.
Rich golden color. Aromas of honeyed raisin toast with a hint of caulk and a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a citrus ice milk and sweet lettuce accented finish. A tasty quaffer.
Bright golden color. Aromas of tapioca, honey butter, and salted biscuit with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a pleasant orange, melon and roasted root vegetable accented finish. A nice savory food beer.
Aromas of honeyed nuts and spicy citrus pastry with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless butter roasted sweet potato, melon, and citrus soufflé finish. A nicely meshed, easy drinking beer.
Cloudy golden silver color. Aromas and flavors of roasted shittake, squash, and corn pudding with a supple, dryish medium body and a honeyed nut, sweet mint cream, orange rind, and radish like finish. A bit odd, but food friendly; serve with veggie burgers.
Aromas of caramelized pear tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, tangy, citrus, melon, and sprouts finish. A tidy quaffer.
Cloudy copper brown color. Bright apricot pastry, broccoli omelet and spanakopita aromas with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy radish, orange peel, and peppered greens finish. A nice savory table beer.
Clear golden color. Aromas of frittata and toast with a crisp, dryish medium body and a toasty orange scone accented finish. A clean, pleasant refreshing kolsch or lager-like wheat ale.
Gold color. Aromas of omelet and banana nut muffin with a supple, bright, effervescent, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, relaxed honey, earth, and yam finish. A crisp, carefree hefe.
Murky pale amber color. Jumbled banana bread dough and ground nut aromas with a crisp, dryish medium body and a peppery radish sprouts, kiwi, and grass accented finish.
Cloudy pale amber color. Aromas of lemon scone and delicate spice with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a crisp, salty baguette, citrus, pear and pepper finish. A not very hefe-like, but refreshing and food friendly.
Golden amber color. Aromas of banana cake and pineapple pastry with a supple, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a grainy, honeyed citrus, alfalfa sprouts, and chestnut accented finish. A decent quaffer.
Motor oil black with a saffron glass painting rim. Bold soy sauce, edamame, and herbal marinated shittake aromas with a satiny, still, full body and a long salty radicchio, coffee, and pepper accented finish. Different. Serve as condiment.
Deep amber color. Aromas of orange and peach marmalades on toast with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nicely astringent peppered nut, root veggie, and starfruit accented finish. A nice easy drinker or pair with spicy pub grub.
Brilliant old gold color with flakes of floating protein. Aromas of fruit custard tart and peach compote on cheese with a tart, dry medium-to-full body a mouth-puckeringly sour lemon, pineapple, and nut bread finish. Server with food.
Pretty golden amber color. Attractive aromas of chamomile tea and fresh baked baklava and apple pie with a soft dryish light body and a wafer and praline accented finish. Nice floral aromas with a delicate texture.
Golden amber color. Delicate aromas and flavors of banana and coconut custard pies and spiced apple with a supple, crisp, frothy, dry light-to-medium body and a breezy finish with shades of toasted nut and pepper. A solid all-purpose lager.
Amber copper color. Sweet cling peach, raspberries vinaigrette, and pear cider aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a toasty raisin muffin, honeyed date, and peppery sprout-like finish. Very tasty and sure to please the crowd.
Minutely hazy golden amber color. Aromas of marinated okra and artichoke, honeyed spice and mint aromas with an frothy dryish light-to-medium body and a root vegetable and peppery arugula finish.
Clear golden amber color. Aromas of honeyed pound cake with a crisp, dryish medium body and a pillowy, pear, wafer and grass accented finish. A nice evenly balanced wheat ale.
Dark brown color aromas of brown sugar, stewed citrus peels and stone and veggies fruits with a crisp, dryish medium body and a dark roasted nut and coffee bean finish.
Deep brown with a saffron amber rim. Aromas of seared pork fat, cigarette butt, and chocolate nuts with a dry medium body and a leafy mustard greens and white ash accented finish.
Brown with a bronze cast. Aromas of toffee and toasted cherry pastry with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a zesty dried pear, mocha, boiled almond, and radish sprouts accented finish. Quite fruity, balanced, and easy drinking; a good session stout.
Pale amber color. Mild aromas and flavors of toast and frittata with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a mildly astringent, breezy finish with notes of grilled turnip and grass. A pleasant, easy drinking lager with guts; pair with darts.
Deep copper color. Aromas of caramel spread on raisin toast with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and an glazed apple, banana custard pie, pepper, and sprouts accented finish. A fruity sweet winter brew.
Brown color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts and honeyed spice cake with crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body a tangy, dried fruit, nut and peppery spice accented finish.
Copper color with an olive cast. Hoppy aromas of sweet grapefruit marmalade and honey butter on pumpernickel toast with a very crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a bold pineapple-mango tart, radicchio, and citrusy, peppery hop finish. A hop driven amber.
Cloudy opaque red oak color. Bright, fruity aromas of raspberry preserves, watermelon, and brioche with a soft, vibrant, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-length dried sour cherry, tangy citrus custard tart, and watercress finish. A very fruity and approachable raspberry flavored Belgian style ale.
Deep amber copper color. Aromas of sourdough, nut butter, and overripe citrus with a chewy dryish medium-to-full body and a husky grainy grass, roasted root vegetable and pepper and finish.
Pure amber color. Well integrated aromas of fruit, honey, and grainy toast with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a clean, tropical fruit custard and baking spice accented finish with a nice dash of grassy, earthy hops. A very nice, easy drinking IPA that is sure to please.
Bronze color. Aromas of chocolate coated biscuit and mocha with a very supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a touch of toasted fruitcake, jicama and latté on the finish. A solid, clean mild.
Deep amber color. Aromas and flavors of sourdough toast and candied dried citrus with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, lightly piney hop and nut finish. A nice snappy, hoppy pale ale with good balance.
Old gold color with a fine mousse. Aromas of toasty fruit pastry and spiced apples and pears with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy, sweet lettuce, grain and mineral accented finish. A nice quaffable white beer.
Slightly hazy golden amber color. Aromas of flamed lemon zest, lilacs, and herbs with a very zesty, fruity medium-full body and a very tangy honeyed citrus, spice, sprouts, and pepper driven finish. A vibrant perfumey wit beer that need spicy food to tame.
Amber color. Aromas of toasty rice krispie treat and caramel cake with a finely carbonated dryish medium body and a tangy banana and lemon pepper finish. Tasty with a distinctive caramelized malt character.
Bright golden color. Vibrant aromas of blueberry muffin with a supple, creamy, fruity medium-to-full body and a drying wafer, stevia, and mineral finish. A carefree quaffer.
Pale straw green color. Aromas of cashew butter, asparagus frittata, yeasty bread dough with a very crisp, tart medium body and a tangy, roasted citrus, nut, cucumber skin, and grassy finish. A bone-dry table beer.
Pale amber color. Aromas of raisin toast with apple butter and banana cake with a crisp, slightly sour medium-to-full body and a overripe apple, wafer, and potato peel accented finish.
Hazy golden color. Lightly floral aromas of raspberry pie and yogurt with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a nut toast, blossom water, water chestnut, and wheat wafer accented finish. Nice restraint and balance.
Deep copper amber color. Bright aromas and flavors of sweet peppers and hot pepper jelly with a supple, dryish medium body and a wafer, water chestnut, and chili pepper seed finish. A nice pepper beer, but could use more oomph.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate yogurt, caramel brownie, dried fruits, edamame, and faint dried meat with sharply tart, medium body and a tangy sour cherry, lemon and radish driven finish. An interesting range and arc of flavors that would be best with food, especially cheeses.
Brown black color. Mild aromas and flavors of pickled mixed vegetables, fruity caramel, and malted milk chocolate with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, sweet-and-sour medium-to-full body and a tingling, breezy finish evoking shades of fig bread toast, roasted chestnut, and charcoal. A nice zesty and lighter styled barrel aged stout.
 Certified Organic 
Brown black color. Curious aromas and flavors of baking chocolate, burning leaves and newspapers, and grilled and stewed veggies with a supple, bright, frothy, dry medium body and a prickly, odd, brisk finish that presents shades of ash tray, charred nutshells, peppercorns, and burnt coffee. A very rustic, burnt beer for the table.
Clear pale amber color. Muted, fruity, attractive aromas of toasted fruit danish with a soft, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish light body and a sleek, swift cream, grain, and pepper finish. A bright and zesty golden ale with nice crispness.
Hazy golden amber color. Intriguing aromas of orange sherbet, peppery spice, and dried lilacs with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy orange sherbet and kiwi finish. Very tasty and refreshing.
Pale golden yellow color. Aromas of nougat and honeyed apples with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty, lemon spritz, apple sauce and mineral finish. Clean and appealing.
Golden amber color. Aromas of dried apples, nougat, and moss with a crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a honeyed apple granita, starfruit, nutshell and mineral nuanced finish. A nice dry, earthy cider.
Dark brown color. Aromas of bakers chocolate, grilled beets, and roasted coffee beans have a whiff of putty with a supple, dry medium-to-full body and a savory smoked peppercorn, arugula, and praline accented finish.
Gold color. Bright aromas and flavors of frittata, banana, and coconut flakes with a supple, crisp, petillant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, breezy finish imparting overtones of minerals, grass, and pepper. A solid lager that will cover a lot of bases.
Minutely hazy golden color. Aromas of asparagus frittata, fruit jellied multigrain toast, and salty potato pancake with a supple, dryish medium body and nice toasty buttered muffin, sweet lettuce, nut, and pepper accented finish. A tasty everyday quaffer.
Minutely hazy pale amber color. Aromas of buttery fruit pastry, nut brittle, and yams with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a zesty, citrus marmalade, pepper, nutshell, and lettuce accented finish.
Dark mahogany color. Confected aromas of spicy raisin compote, overripe pear, and chocolate nuts with a supple, body and a medium-length pepper, watercress, and hint of sassafras finish. A solid amber lager that will cover a lot of bases.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of egg white omelet, hominy, and almond scone with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a pepper, honeyed melon, and grass accented finish. Tasty, vibrant, and a good foil for spicy Asian foods.
Golden amber color. Interesting barnyard-like aromas oregano, cannabis, egg salad, and pizza crust with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a honeyed carrot, parsley, lime sherbet, and melon accented finish. A curious assortment of flavors that oddly work.
Dark brown color. Aromas of creamy milk chocolate, caramel corn, and herb-pepper focaccia with silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a buttercream, carob, lit cigar, and roasted chestnut finish. Flavorful.
Golden color with a bone lace. Aromas and flavors of molasses spice cake and floral French soap with a chewy, dryish medium-to-full body and a savory salty buttered baguette, pear soufflé, and water chestnut finish.
Hazy golden amber color. Spicy aromas of ginger, cherry-raisin chutney, honey, and Asian spices with silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nice toasty grain, sprout, and nut finish.
Dark brown with a khaki rim. Aroma and flavors of milk chocolate rice bar and leather chaps with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a frothy creamy nougat, molasses, arugula, and creme brulee finish. A pleasant chocolate porter.
Minutely hazy copper color. Rich, buttery, confected aromas of caramel buttercream and bread pudding with a even, crisp, bubbly, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy roasted grains, peppery greens, nutskins, and tree bark finish. A snappy ale with palate coating bitterness.
Amber copper color. Aromas of roasted corn and toasted fruitcake and rice cake with a slightly sour and fruity medium body and a roasted grain, lemon peel, and smoked peppercorn accented finish.
Slightly hazy copper orange color. Aroma nutshells and dried fruits with crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a roasted grain, flour sack, cedar, and peppercorn finish. Very grain driven.
Deep reddish mahogany color. Aromas of cherry vinegar and honey roasted chestnuts with a supple, tangy medium body and a spiced apple, pepper toast, and greens finish. A pleasant, easy drinking sour.
Bright golden color. Aromas of lemon grass and pepper, plantain chip, and tangerine soufflé and sweet spices with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a tangy papaya coconut custard, radish, and peppercorn finish. A rather exotic session version of the style.
Aromas and flavors of caramelized apples and pears with a supple, fruity medium body and a tangy candied citrus, custard, and herb-pepper bread snap on the finish. A nice quaffer or cheese beer.
Golden yellow color with a minute haze. Aromas of orange and praline cookie with a soft, dryish medium body and a wheat wafer and honeyed cucumber and eggplant accented finish. A pleasant wheat ale, but not very hefe-like.
Brilliantly clear golden yellow color. Aromas of buttered lemon herb toast and nuts with a crisp, dryish medium body and a tangy, corn salsa and okra accented finish.
Hazy golden amber color. Bold aromas and flavors of berry cough syrup, herbal honey, and lilac with a supple, bright, foamy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, compelling, medium length finish with notes of wheatgrass, nutskin, and berry skins and seeds. An interesting fruit and floral summer sipper with a slight herbal edge.
Opaque brown black color. Oaky aromas of dark chocolate, baked pear, vanilla custard, and cocoa powder with a sweet medium-full body and a warming, medium-long vanilla bean, molasses, chocolate syrup, and dates finish. A rich and balanced aged beer that deserves a snifter and careful sipping, or try in a beer float.
Clear amber color. Aromas and flavors of vanilla custard, baked spiced apple, peaches and creme, and cream soda with a effervescent, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a medium length finish with accents of starfruit, cream cheese danish, and banana flan. A very approachable bourbon-barrel aged ale in a lighter package.
Clear amber color. Aromas of red apple skin, Anjou pear, red grape, and glazed doughnut with a bright, effervescent, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a medium length apple cider vinegar, cherry stone, apple danish, and wash rind cheese finish. A rustic Flanders style red that needs hearty food.
Dark mahogany bronze color. Toasty aromas and flavors of roasted nuts, honey roasted squash, and turkey jerky with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, sweet-and-sour medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium length finish with accents of dried citrus, herb salt, rye toast, and pepper. A solid, well-rounded smoke beer.
Bright gold color. Lively aromas and flavors of apples, apple blossoms, and custard pie with a supple, crisp, frothy, fruity medium body and a smooth, breezy finish conveying nuances of apple granita and melon. A fun, easy drinking cider.
 Certified Organic 
Clear pale amber color. Lively, toasty aromas of herb baguette, cannabis, citrus marmalade, and honeycomb with a satiny, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length radish, pineapple, jicama, and pepper finish. A very herbal hop forward pale ale.
Copper bronze color. Aromas of chocolate gingerbread and cola float with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium and a creamy, fruity caramel flan, cherry, and grass accented finish. Simple, pleasant, and highly quaffable.
Nearly opaque dark brown color. Delicate, smoky, meaty aromas of blackened chicken teriyaki and smoked nuts with a supple, flat, petillant, dryish light body and a tingling, snappy cashew butter on burnt toast, dark chocolate and coffee, and smoked peppercorns finish. A nicely smoked lager with a table friendly quality.
Copper bronze color. Lively, yeasty aromas of apricot yogurt, beet chevre salad, and toasted nut bread with a silky, vibrant, frothy, medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-length corn, turnip, lemon marmalade, and pepper finish. A nice earthy Octoberfest for the table.
Pale amber color. Lively aromas of caramelized peaches and banana nut toast with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, stimulating, medium-length sweet lettuce, dried fruit, praline, and delicate peppery spices finish. A very tasty and refreshing Octoberfest.
Bright old gold color. Bright aromas of fruit salad and orange cake with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy roasted corn and nuts finish. A rock solid quaffer.
Bright golden amber color. Odd aromas and flavors of dried banana, flan, and root vegetable with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a warming, breezy finish displaying notes of bubblegum, delicate spice, and banana pudding with light oak. A sweet fruity Belgian blonde ale.
Dark brown black color. Bright aromas of fig bread, brandied cherries, and oak with a body and a peppery, medium-long salted nuts, coffee beans, baking chocolate, and tamari finish with light oak. A powerful, brooding imperial stout.
Opaque brown black color. Delicate, dense aromas of chai tea, orange jelly, sweet potato, and mocha with a supple, finely carbonated, body and a smooth, medium-length creamy cappuccino and fruity caramel finish. A very pleasant and relaxing winter ale.
Opaque dark brown black color. Mild aromas and flavors of coffee grounds, baking chocolate, figs, and schmaltz cookie with a supple, bright, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish.
Dark brown black color. Bright aromas and flavors of roasted coffee and burnt sugar with a supple, vibrant, frothy, dryish medium body and an effortless, intriguing, buoyant finish.
Bright clear medium bronze color. Bright, spicy, sweet herbal aromas of ginger, honey herb drop, and sarsaparilla with a glycerous, crisp, petillant, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, stimulating, medium-long orange marmalade, honeyed rye toast, pepper, and bark finish. A sweet fruity barleywine that is a dessert in and of itself.
Clear copper color. Lively, fruity aromas of caramelized citrus, honey roasted golden beets, and bread pudding with a silky, vibrant, effervescent, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long grilled citrus, smoked peppercorns, latte, and toasted pine finish. A refreshing, lightly smoky IPA.
Bright color. Lively, inviting aromas of artisan Mexican pepper chocolate, cinnamon raisin toast, hint of bbq rub, and cola with a velvety, bright, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a silky, interesting, medium-long dried fruits and delicate spices finish. A nice chocolatey, fruity porter.
Bright golden yellow color. Bright, curious, spicy aromas of fish tank, dried tropical fruits, and spice cake with a silky, crisp, finely carbonated, off-dry light body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length Asian pear and Meyer lemon, roasted corn, salted nuts, and mossy earth finish. An interesting earthy wit beer.
Clear old gold color. Bright, toasty, fruity aromas of spicy banana cake, nougat, sourdough toast, and chicken fat with a supple, crisp, spritzy, off-dry medium body and a tingling, delightful, breezy kiwi, plantain, sweet potato, and grass finish. Not much spice here, but a pleasant quaffer.
Clear bright golden yellow color. Mild, toasty aromas of honeyed buttered toast, lemon soufflé, and corn bread with a supple, bright, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk jicama and grass finish. A solid light lager.
Bright gold color. Lively, peppery aromas of grilled jalapenos and pepper jelly on raisin toast with an even, soft, effervescent, dryish medium body and a hot, interesting, long honey cream, chili powder, and pickled jalapeno finish. A fun, well balanced pepper beer with a slow steady burn.
Brilliant golden amber color. Mild, fruity, floral aromas of honeyed baked apples, geranium, and mossy earth with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, delightful, breezy caramelized apples and melon, dried citrus, and straw finish. An appetizing, well balanced English cider.
Brilliant clear bright light gold color. Interesting, earthy aromas of tart overripe citrus, apple core, waxy honeycomb, and brewer's yeast box with an even, vibrant, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity light body and a smooth, breezy nutskins, green apple skin, and peach pit finish. A rock solid English style cider.
Clear yellow straw color. Bright, toasty aromas of green apple sorbet and candy, buttery caramel apple, and hint of apple cider vinegar with a supple, bright, petillant, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, medium-length orange-lemon sherbet, green tea leaves, and hazelnut finish. A solid, fruity, crowd pleasing cider.
Hazy bright gold color. Bright, fruity aromas of apple tart, vanilla nougat, nut flour, and banana custard with an even, crisp, spritzy, off-dry medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long lemon curd, apple custard, and oat granola finish. A richly flavored and textured cider with great barrel-like character.
Gold color. Aromas of vanilla frosting, apple pie, and salt water taffy with a supple, crisp, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy spice and oak finish. A pleasant lighted oak aged cider.
Clear bright white gold color. Lively, confected, floral fruity aromas of candied pears, bubblegum ice cream, apricot, and chamomile ice tea with a silky, vibrant, effervescent, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a graceful, brisk peach and pear sorbet, apple sauce, white blossoms, and seltzer water finish. A refreshing and easy drinking pear cider.
Bright clear brilliant gold color. Bright, interesting, sour savory sweaty aromas of apple and peach vinaigrettes, roasted root vegetables, caramelized shallots, and sourdough with a silky, crisp, spritzy, off-dry light-to-medium body and a polished, appealing, breezy honeyed apples and nuts and grassy earth finish. A nice tangy, fruity cider with vibrant acidity and light sourness.
Bright brilliant clear golden yellow color. Lively, interesting aromas of honey baked apples, dark caramelized nuts, oregano, and roasted parsnips and yams with a silky, crisp, petillant, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, stimulating, relaxed roasted tropical fruits, burnt sugar, earth, and herbs and pepper finish. An exotic, spicy herbal cider that will be fun to pair with.
Brilliant yellow straw color. Bright, peppery, musty fruity floral aromas of spiced apples and nuts, pork rinds, and lemongrass with an even, vibrant, spritzy, sweet light-to-medium body and an effortless, breezy reduced lemon and pineapple, apple skins, wet straw and wood, and vanilla milk finish. A tangy, mouthwatering cider with a good balance of sweet and sour notes.
Clear light golden yellow color. Spicy, floral fruity curious aromas of dill pickle barrel, nougat, and apple custard with a silky, bright, spritzy, very sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long lumber, pickling spiced apples, and creamy vanilla tapioca finish. A fun exposition of American oak spiciness in a cider; a bourbon drinkers cider, try with a boilermaker.
Gold color. Lively, fruity, nutty aromas of baked apples and citrus and honeyed nuts with an even, bright, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, appealing, medium-length brown sugar, starfruit, chalk, and wintergreen finish. A pleasant cider for the table.
Golden amber color. Aromas of Belgian waffle, delicate herb and spice aromas with a soft, dryish light body and an pear, roasted root vegetable and sprout finish.
Deep amber color. Aromas and flavors of omelet, grass, and nut bread toast with a crisp, dryish medium body and a radish, corn husk, and mineral finish. A nice lawnmower beer.
Dark reddish mahogany color. Delicate, nutty aromas of chocolate nut muffin and matzoh with a silky, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a silky, brisk roasted grains, chocolate mousse, and starfruit finish. A rock solid alt beer that goes down easy.
Deep old color. Aromas of corn nibblets and toast with a crisp, dryish medium body and a tangy citrus and straw finish. A pleasant dry beer.
Bright copper color. Aromas of grainy nut toast and buttery caramel with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a breezy, wafer, apple, wet grain, and bean sprout accented finish. A refreshing winter quaffer.
Rich chestnut brown color. Aromas of tropical fruit custard, caramel spread on toast, and nuts with a pillowy fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a creamy and crisp, citrus, melon, mint, and nougat accented finish. Solid and flavorful; serve with food.
Bright golden color. Aromas of banana pudding and scone with a frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and melon, peppery hop finish. A nice lawnmower beer.
Deep amber copper color. Aromas of honeycomb, cherry bitters, nuts, and rutabagas with a brisk, sharp, sweet-sourish medium body and a citrus, caramel, dandelion greens accented finish.
Pale minutely hazy golden yellow color. Delicate, herbal aromas of lemon verbena, herbal tea, roasted yams, and chamomile with a supple, tart, petillant, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a sleek, interesting, breezy lemon and lime juice concentrate, eucalyptus, and dusty earth finish. A pleasant lemon herb beer.
Pretty golden color. Aromas of honeyed pastry and nuts with as crisp dryish light-to-medium body and a very clean, grainy, earthy hop finish. A pleasant, dry quaffer with just a hint of honey character.
Mild earthy aromas with a dryish medium body and a molasses, burnt sugar, coffee,herb, and almond scone accented finish.
Rich amber color. Aromas of egg sandwich and milled soap with a crisp, dry medium body and a slightly vegetal okra, carrot, and grassy earth finish.
Straw color. Delicate aromas and flavors of buttery toasted muffin and dried pear with a soft, crisp, frothy, dry light body and a smooth, buoyant finish with accents of toasted grain. A nice toasty lawnmower pilsner.
Beautiful lustrous amber color. Aromas of eggy citrus soufflé and cake batter with a supple, frothy medium body with custard pastry, wet clay and grassy/lettucey hops on the finish.
 Certified Organic 
Light copper color. Aromas of chestnut honey, wintergreen, and herb bread with a supple, dryish medium body and a roasted apple, chestnut, and radish, and tobacco accented finish.
Bright golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of salty roasted root vegetable, greens, and bread with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a mildly astringent, relaxed finish with impressions of dried citrus, pepper, and radish. A nice IPA.
Golden amber color. Bold aromas and flavors of grilled grapefruit, peppery spices, pinecone, and chive with a supple, racy, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a bitter, medium-long finish with notes of bitter greens and bark, roasted turnip, peppercorns, and wormwood tea. A lashingly bitter IPA for IBU nuts.
Banana custard pie and praline aromas and flavors with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy fruit punch sorbet, citrus jelly, and grassy hop finish.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of scrambled eggs and raisin toast with a crisp, dryish light body and a refreshing citrus custard and bibb lettuce finish.
Pale amber color. Aromas of toast and Denver omelet with a frothy, dryish light-to-medium body and a crisp, honeyed pear, cucumber, and grass accented finish.
Old gold color. Aromas of toasted brioche, raw honey and pickled okra with a frothy, dryish medium body and a cabbage and peppercorn finish. Very rustic and food affined.
Golden straw color. Aromas of spinach frittata with a frothy dry light body and a crisp, citrus and sprouts finish. A solid, refreshing light beer.
Golden color. Aromas of caramel pear and candy corn with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a frothy, circus peanut and honeyed lettuce finish. A little too sweet for the style, but pleasantly quaffable.
Deep amber color. Aromas of melted honeycomb, dried peaches, raw beans, and sautéed parsnips with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full and a long, honey, vegetable, pepper, and grassy hop finish. Interesting hoppy take on a winter warmer. Very root veggie-like on the finish.
Deep brown black color. Aromas and flavors of smoked meats and nuts with a supple, dryish medium body and a honeyed graham cracker and lettuce-like finish.
Lightly hazy deep gold color. Aromas of buttered toast, candied clementine, and creamed corn with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a coconut cream and grain finish with a dash of peppery leafy hops. A nice fruity session ale.
Aromas of buttery brioche and delicate fruit preserves with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and a grilled root vegetable and peppered watercress-like hop finish. A nicely tame pale ale that will be great with pub grub.
Deep reddish brown with an olive rim. Mild cocoa, dusty nut, and sourdough bread aromas with a dryish light body and a earthy, grainy, peach pit accented finish.
Minutely hazy copper color. Aromas of dark roasted nuts and bread, sautéed greens and asparagus, and chocolate custard with a soft, dry light-to-medium body and a crisp, grassy and peppery hop snap on the finish. A nice savory food beer.
Minutely hazy golden bronze color. Aromas of crusty fresh bread, tortilla, butter roasted peanuts, and spun honey with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a juicy nectarine, toast, and grassy hop accented finish. A refreshing lager-like ale with a pleasant fruitiness. Serve with Mexican food.
Copper brown color. Aromas of mocha, scone and toffee with supple, dryish medium body and a crisp, peppered nut and grassy hop finish. A nice session beer.
Cloudy golden yellow color. Bright hoppy grapefruit, yeasty lemon custard pastry, and pepper aromas with a crisp, dryish medium body and a jicama, Meyer lemon, and grilled root vegetable finish. A nice easy drinking offering of the new Belgian IPA style.
Deep reddish brown color. Rich spice cake, ginger snap, and delicate herbal braised meat aromas with an under carbonated, dryish medium body and a nut, apple and spice bag accented finish.
Bright amber color. Aromas of fruit pastry and delicate peppery spices with a tangy, medium body and a crisp, wafer, nut, citrus and stone fruit skin snap on the finish. A fun, lively quaffer.
Bright copper color. Aromas of honeyed corn raisin bread and delicate spiced caramel with a supple, dryish medium body and a crisp, vegetal roasted corn and okra finish.
Bright golden yellow color. Interesting aromas of horseradish mashed potatoes, white mulberries and grapes, cannabis, and citrus with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sweet potato, pepper bread, bubblegum, and granola accented finish. Different and food centric; try with bangers and mash.
Hazy light gold color. Bright, funky, fruity vegetal aromas of mango-guava relish, marinated cucumbers, schmaltz cracker, and seaweed with a supple, sharp, finely carbonated, sour light body and a tingling, interesting, long herb toast, lemon juice, arugula, and taro root finish. A puckering savory Berliner Weisse for the table.
Aromas of coffee, roasted nuts and peppers, grilled cherries and root vegetables with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy nectarine, wafer, and earthy vegetable accented finish. Pleasant and understated, like Blue Mountain coffee.
Pale golden yellow color. Aromas of honeyed toasted nut bread and mild coconut custard with a crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a tangy, grassy hop, citrus and melon accented finish. Nice balance of fruit, hops, malt and earth.
Minutely hazy copper brown color. Aromas of roasted citrus and nuts, spicy banana bread pudding, and pine sap with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a zesty citrusy hop driven finish.
Copper mahogany color. Creamy aromas of coconut custard, vanilla yogurt nuts, and nectarine with a supple, frothy, fruity medium body and a tingling, engaging, breezy cream soda, sprouts, and hint of pepper finish. A pleasant, easy going quaffer with interesting sweet creamy flavor.
Aromas of over roasted nuts, clay, and dark sour dough with a dry medium body and a bitter turnip, sassafras and peppered mustard greens finish. A racy, spicy food beer.
Luminous copper color. Aromas of apple cider vinaigrette and pineapple slices on mesclun with a sourish dry medium body and a breezy pinecone, clover, and parchment finish.
Rich old gold color. Aromas of Denver omelet and butter toast with a dryish, minutely sour medium body and a tangy, Greek yogurt, melon rind, turnip, and lemon pepper-like hop finish. A food beer for sausages and sauerkraut.
Very hazy golden yellow color. Aromas of clay, toast, and pepper bread with a silky, dryish medium body and a sourish, beet and grassy accented finish.
Attractive silvery amber pink color. Aromas and flavors of cherry bread, waxy honeycomb, and spiced nuts with a dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a toasty, roasted root vegetable, dried flower, and focaccia accented finish. A nicely balanced, not to sweet cherry beer that will be good with food.
Minutely hazy golden amber color. Lively, citrusy, piney aromas of tangelo peel, pine sap, peppercorn muffin, and chamomile with a supple, bright, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, long rapini, peppercorns, roasted corn, and rye cracker finish. A nicely bitter and astringent IPA.
Brilliant amber color. Slight soapy aromas suggest spicy banana bread, brown sugar, mint and pepper with a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a chewy, boozy wintergreen-apple jelly on biscuit finish.
Brilliant amber color. Aromas suggest spiced apple and honeyed rye toast with a crisp, dryish medium body a toasted grain, pepper and watercress accented finish. Tasty and well balanced.
Minutely hazy copper color. Aromas of stewed greens and okra, stale butter, dried fruit, and nut brittle with a sharp, fruity medium body and a tangy molasses cookie and waxy honeycomb finish.
Golden amber color. Aromas suggest banana nut bread, soufflé, and clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, honeyed nut, molasses cookie, and dried fruit accented finish. Tasty.
Dark copper color. Mild, creamy, malty interesting aromas of edamame, fig cookie, and caramel with a soft, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, lemon custard, pepper, and dried finish. A solid American style barley with vibrant hops and fruity malt.
Dark brown color with a bubbly head. Dense aromas of baker's chocolate, wet hay, dried sour cherry, and rawhide chew toy with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy spiced pear, roasted chestnut, and chocolate wafer finish.
Deep amber color. Brash aromas and flavors of stewed peaches and bananas, brown sugar, and pear brandy with a velvety, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a peppery, medium-long finish revealing overtones of salted nuts, arugula, coconut yogurt, and pepper. A swaggering powerhouse of a Belgian ale.
Bright brilliant clear copper color. Nutty, vegetal toasty aromas of cocoa dusted nuts, roasted corn and sweet potatoes, and buttered toast with a supple, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, brisk turnip greens, melted toffee, and bamboo finish. An earthy food beer.
Bright clear brilliant golden amber color. Bright, nutty, grassy aromas of spiced praline, dried herbs, and roasted corn with a satiny, bright, effervescent, dryish medium body and a tingling, captivating, buoyant turnips, mossy earth, dried citrus, and brazil nuts finish. A dry earthy ipa.
Gold color. Toasty aromas of egg sandwich with a soft, crisp, effervescent, dry thin body and a short-lived nutshell, lettuce, and balsa finish. A serviceable light quaffer.
Golden color. Layered aromas of toasted buttered baguette and roasted corn with a supple, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, starfruit and radish like finish. Interesting, drinks a little bit like a cuvee of cream ale and a lager.
 Certified Organic 
Rich amber color. Aromas of American hop pellets with the emphasis on cannabis and apple custard tart. Supple and dry-yet-fruity on the palate with bold chocolate raisin bran muffin and coffee cake flavors and a savory salty baguette, peppered greens, and potpourri accented finish. A totally wild flavor ride. Buckle up.
Beautiful copper salmon color. Aromas of black cherries on buttered toast have a hint of naugahyde and floral talc with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full and a dried flower, honeyed wafer, and water chestnut finish.
Golden amber color. Bright aromas and flavors of sautéed mango, spiced apple, and fruit loops with a satiny, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-long finish with notes of roasted citrus and peppers, balsamic, parsley root, and potato skin. A solid, tasty barrel aged beer.
Brilliant clear sunburst color. Rich, woody aromas of honeyed dried fruits, banana muffin, and nut brittle with a satiny, flat, petillant, dryish full body and a tingling, compelling, breezy buttered toast, grass, and caramelized root vegetables finish. A nice food beer.
Dusty red oak color. Bright, attractive aromas of clover honey and cherry butter on raisin toast with a soft, vibrant, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a smooth, delightful, easy light brown spices, brown sugar, and candied lemon peel finish. A nice crowd pleasing cherry beer.
Pale mahogany color. Bright, dank, hoppy herbal aromas of light skunky cannabis, fresh buttered baguette, chocolate, and apple-banana pastry with a satiny, soft, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light body and a smooth, brisk starfruit, honey, and radish sprouts finish. A lively, highly sessionable brown ale.
Bright amber copper color. Aromas of roasted grain, roasted Brussels sprouts, and chocolate nuts with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a mildly astringent, breezy coconut, roasted turnip, and watercress finish. A nice savory Octoberfest for the table.
Gold color. Delicate aromas and flavors of buttery roasted corn with a soft, bright, frothy, dryish light body and a smooth, carefree finish with touches of kiwi, melon, tapioca, and cream soda. A solid quaffer.
Hazy golden yellow color. Delicate aromas and flavors of banana chip and delicate spice with a satiny, bright, frothy, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth finish displaying overtones of water chestnut, sprouts, and wafer. A solid, dry wheat beer.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate toffee and mocha yogurt with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dry medium body and a tingling, snappy roasted grain and root vegetables, nutskin, and sprouts finish. A pleasant food beer.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate soufflé, toasted danish, and vanilla pudding with a supple, soft, petillant, dryish light-to-medium body and a brisk roasted turnip, light baking spices, and chocolate cream finish. A nice subtlety flavored porter.
Brown black color. Delicate aromas of chocolate yogurt, roasted brazil nuts, and roasted grains with a supple, crisp, frothy, dryish medium-to-full body and an astringent, medium-length baking chocolate, bitter greens, smoked peppercorn, and lit tobacco finish. A nice bitter stout.
Brilliant gold color. Rich, herbal, fruity aromas of peach pastry, cannabis, coconut, and latex with a even, bright, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length cracker, dried pineapple, peppery greens, and spice finish. A nice juicy tropical fruity IPA with an interesting funky herbal backnote.
Opaque brown black color. Lively, inviting aromas of chocolate covered cherries, roasted nuts, and mocha with a velvety, soft, fizzy, off-dry medium body and a smooth, breezy potatoes, roasted grains, cocoa powder, and coffee grounds finish. A solid quaffer with a good roasted character.
Minutely hazy old gold color. Delicate, toasty aromas of raisin toast, dried citrus, yams, and white grapes with a supple, bright, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length toasted nuts, bitter greens, and peppered veggies finish. A nice, snappy hoppy forward kolsch.
Minutely hazy gold color. Rich, floral, herbal aromas of lavender and lilacs, herb pepper bread, white grape, and cologne with an even, bright, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a tingling, stimulating, crisp rose water, lychee tart, salted nuts, and sage finish. A very floral and feminine saison.
Brilliant light gold color. Bright, interesting, phenolic aromas of banana, salty roasted nuts, and tangerine peel with a soft, crisp, fizzy, fruity light body and a tingling, refreshing, brisk roasted parsnips, reduced lemon and orange, and peppery greens finish. A very crisp and appetizing hefe with bright carbonation and a dry finish; lawnmower hefe.
Bright brilliant light gold color. Bold, attractive, fruity aromas of ripe and overripe whole pineapples and pineapple and strawberry candies with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, carefree toasted baguette and honeyed apple skin finish. A pleasant pineapple beer.
Brilliant light gold color. Delicate, grainy, vegetal aromas of succotash, honeyed toast, and grape with a supple, bright, effervescent, dryish light-to-medium body and an effortless, breezy jicama and apple finish. An easy quaffer.
Clear old gold color. Bright, attractive aromas of honeyed pears and dark berries and buttered toast with a supple, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, easy wafer, jicama, sprouts, and berry phosphate finish. A light and easy fruit beer.
Hazy copper color. Bold, curious, citrusy aromas of lime powder candy, berry scented talc, and rose hip vitamin with a lean, puckering, effervescent, sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length berry vinaigrette on lettuce, reduced lemon, nuts, and custard pastry finish.
Hazy mahogany color. Delicate, roasted aromas of carob, roasted nuts, and coffee with a satiny, bright, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length peppered chocolate, grainy pumpernickel, and grass finish. A nice roasty food beer.
Bright gold color. Delicate, cheesy, citrusy curious funky aromas of nectarine skin, reduced lemon, and sourdough with a supple, sharp, spritzy, moderately sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting, very long apple cider vinegar, lettuce, and nutskin finish. An explosively sour lambic for the table.
Hazy yellow color. Bright, citrusy, spicy aromas of warm lemon tea, baked ham with cloves, and lemon chiffon with a supple, soft, petillant, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length honeyed baked apples, lemon-herb lozenge, and cinnamon bark finish. A interesting, rustic spiced cider.
Pale clear red oak color. Faint, fruity aromas of cherry and apple pits and grapefruit soda with an even, tangy, petillant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, captivating, breezy green apple, cherry skin, lemon, and nutskin finish. A tart cherry-ish cider.
Brilliant white gold color. Delicate, earthy, yeasty aromas of fallen apples, dried herbs and citrus, hay, and pickled melon rind with a supple, lively, spritzy, very sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, intriguing, breezy reduced lemon, apple skin, and nutshell finish. A earthy, tart cider for the table.
Pale golden color. Aromas grilled cornbread and root vegetables with a very crisp, dryish medium body and a very astringent bittering hops driven finish. A very crisp, lager-like golden ale.
Reddish brown color. Aromas of sourdough, caramelized carrots and beets, and cocoa with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, peppery greens and spice hops finish. A nice food beer.
Amber. Aromas of honeyed raisin toast and citrus pudding with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a crisp, fruity spice hop finish. An interesting, fruity lager.
Golden amber color. Aromas of orange blossom honey on toast with a smooth, frothy, dryish light-to-medium and a tangy apple butter and starfruit finish.
Gold with a nickel cast. Aromas and flavors of Playdoh, husky wet grain, waffle, and dried banana with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a custard, pepper, and nut brittle finish.
Pale golden color. Aromas of roasted corn and baguette with a crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a touch of red apple and jicama on the breezy finish.
Aromas of salted nut, taffy, and corn tortilla with an off-dry light body and a honeyed kiwi, mineral and grassy hop finish. A decent quaffer.
Pale golden amber color. Aromas of omelet and honeyed corn bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and tangy, citrus and date finish.
Minutely hazy brown color. Rich, attractive, sweet aromas of chocolate cherry and nuts with a supple, soft, effervescent, fruity medium body and a smooth, crisp chocolate mousse, bibb lettuce, and Japanese plum finish. A tasty chocolate cherry-like winter ale.
Pale golden color. Aromas of roasted grain and corn with a crisp, dry light-to-medium body and a sweet corn, citrus and grilled apple salad accented finish. A fine lawnmower beer.
Aromas of hot wax model, honeyed green apple, and wintergreen with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a white raspberry pastry and pressed flower accented finish. Different.
Sweet honeyed corn bread and tropical fruit salad aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a grainy roasted corn and Brazil nut, coconut water, carrot juice and grassy hop finish.
Amber copper color. Peanut brittle, resinous hop, seed kernel, dried fruit aromas with a chewy, fruity medium-full body and a bitter bark and caramelized apple core finish.
Bright amber color. Aromas of parmesan herb muffin, praline, and honeyed dried fruit with a supple fruity-yet-dry banana taffy wrapper, nutskin, and wafer accented finish with light grassy, peppery hops.
Deep copper bronze color. Yeasty bread, fig, and dried citrus aromas with a dryish medium body and a tangy, stone fruit pit and grassy earth finish.
Old gold with a gunmetal cast and fleeting bubbles. Aromas of wet grain, egg custard, baked carrot, corn bread crust and bubblegum with a silky dryish medium body and a raisin corn bread pudding, salted caramel, and salty roasted root vegetable finish. An interesting, savory food centric beer.
Bright pale amber color. Bold aromas of dried peaches, bread crust, and delicate herbal hops with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a spiced apple, pear, and roasted nut accented finish with firm grassy, rapini-like hops. Nice balance and snap.
Dark brown color. Aromas of toffee, melon, and pencil eraser with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a fruity grilled apple, honeyed pear, white grape, and straw finish. Good food beer.
Hazy copper brown color with fish eye bubbles. Aromas of stewed fruits and root vegetables and spiced nuts with a somewhat flat, fruity medium body and a honeyed raisin scone, brown sugar,and chocolate finish. British in style and restraint.
Dark brown with a reddish amber cast. Bold over roasted espresso bean and chocolate nut aromas and flavors with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a slightly vegetal turnip and arugula accented finish.
Dark-Brown color. Aromas of cheese popcorn, bean salad, fruit pastry, and bark and leaves with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, buoyant orange marmalade, salt and pepper, honeyed spiced apple, and carrots finish. A earthy, fruity beer for the table.
Deep mahogany ruby color. Aromas of chocolate caramel fudge and roasted grain with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a buttercream, pear, jicama, and lettuce accented finish.
Aromas of cocoa puffs, maple fudge, and toffee with a sweetish, frothy medium body and a tangy, citrus pith, grass and mineral finish.
Hazy golden color with a straw green cast. Bold and funky aromas of sweaty cheese, dried lemon, and salty grilled root vegetables with a supple, dryish medium body and a radish, egg white, and mossy rocky earth finish.
Dark brown color. Mild aromas of dried fruits, almond brittle, and delicate spices with a supple, fruity medium body and a bubblegum, citrus yogurt, sprouts, and starfruit finish.
Rich amber color. Aromas of asparagus omelet and buttered fruit pastry with a supple, dry light-to-medium body and a sweet potato, pepper bread, nutshell and grass finish. A cleansing food beer and drinks a bit like a lager.
Golden aromas color with a fine lace of foam. Aromas of buttery nut brittle and dried stone fruits with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and a slightly tinny, honeyed corn, grain, pepper and grass finish. A nice lawn mower option.
Rich pale amber color. Aromas of ironed rayon, mustard seed and floury raisin corn bread with a crisp, mildly carbonated dryish, medium body and a tangy, apple cider, lemon pepper, and arugula snap on the finish.
Aromas of toasted nuts, tahini, and edamame with a supple, dry medium body and a tangy, very grain driven finish with leafy greens like hops and earth in support. A nice pale ale for the table.
Copper color. Aromas of salt water taffy, dried tropical fruits, cruciform-like hops and latex with a creamy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy molasses, turnip greens, and roasted nut finish.
Aromas of roasted nuts and root vegetables and sweet potatoes with a slightly fizzy light-to-medium body and an astringent citrus, collard greens, and herb smack on the finish.
Deep brown color with a gold saffron rim. Aromas of chocolate covered citrus peels, turnip, and faint maple fudge with a supple, dryish medium body and a somewhat watery wet nut, dusty pear skin, and grain sack finish. Needs more maple.
Bright golden amber color. Aromas of stewed corn and beans, peach pit, and orange gelatin with a supple, dryish medium body and a tinny, tangy green apple, leaf, and mineral finish.
Deep copper brown color. Aromas of chocolate drizzled nuts and fruits with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a grainy, dusty earth and jicama-like finish.
Murky copper orange color. Aromas of peach pie and salty baguette with a supple, chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and roasted nut and corn accented finish. An appetizing, savory beer.
Deep reddish mahogany color. Aromas of creamy nougat, sassafras, mint, and caramel frosted cake with a supple, dryish medium body and a root vegetable, tomato, brown sugar, and straw accented finish.
Hazy yellow orange color. Intense herbal minty dried flower and dusty grain aromas with a chewy dry-yet-fruity medium body and a dried peach chutney, peppery Asian spice, and fruity tea-like, citrus and hops finish. Interesting.
Bright golden amber color. Aromas and flavors of honey toasted date scone with a frothy, dryish medium body and a crisp, kiwi, nectarine, straw and wafer accented finish. A nice food beer, but not really a Belgian white.
Foamy pale amber color. Aromas of banana bread, custard and delicate spice with a tingling and foamy dryish light-to-medium body and a orange, jicama and dusty radish accented finish.
Minutely hazy golden amber color. Very mild aromas of lemon scone with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a hint of wafer, jicama, and tea on the delicate finish.
Amber color. Bright buttery, fruity caramel and citrus jam aromas with a zesty dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a round grapefruit sorbet, nut bread, and astringent peppery hop flourish on the finish.
Brilliant reddish copper color. Aromas and flavors of floury biscuit, berry custard, and delicately scented bath talc with a tangy, fruity medium body berry flavors, beeswax and straw accented finish.
Rich golden amber color. Pleasant aromas of strawberry jam on biscuit with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and plushly textured finish with good integration of fruit and malt flavors but a touch of plastic and wax-like phenols on the finish.
Lightly hazy amber color. Mild aromas of candied ginger and yams with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a honeyed root vegetable and floury nut bread accented finish.
Minutely hazy deep amber color. Confected aromas of butterscotch, banana pudding, candy corn, and husky roasted corn with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a buttery apple turnover, turnip and grapefruit sorbet driven finish.
Pale golden color. Aromas of toasted raisin bran muffin with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a crisp, melon, nut, bamboo shoot, and earth accented finish. A nice light beer choice.
Caramel and butterscotch taffy aromas and flavors with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a banana cake and peppery hop finish. Tasty.
Hazy amber copper color. Curious aromas of cheese and herbal tomato pepper focaccia with orange marmalade with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy peppered citrus, wafer, and spiced nut finish. Different, but savory and will be good with food.
Aromas of sorghum, buckwheat pancake and cocoa with crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a sassafras and maple syrup accented finish.
Bright light golden yellow color. Fruity aromas and flavors of peach custard pastry, honeyed apple, and flat sprite in a plastic cup with a supple, crisp, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a bitter, brisk finish with nuances of white peppercorn, corn husk and stalk, apple cider, and rapini. A brash and highly astringent gluten free beer that will be best with food.
Lightly hazy amber color. Aromas and flavors of fruit custard pastry, raisin bread, and agave syrup with a supple, fruity medium body and a touch of jicama, caramel, and grassy on the finish. A simple quaffer that could use a bit more hops for the category.
Bright copper penny color. Aromas aromas of hominy, floral soap, honeydew, and pepper corn bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a ripe kiwi, nectarine, turnip, and mesclun-greens like finish.
Old golden color. Aromas of perfumed lipstick and dried mango with a dryish medium body and a water chestnut, pear in syrup, and pepper-onion bread finish.
Deep copper cherry wood color. Slightly worty aromas suggest potter's clay, carob, and yeasty raisin bread dough with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, caramelized nut, and pear vinaigrette on frisée accented finish. A nice food beer.
Hazy deep copper color. Aromas of chocolate sauce, caramelized nuts, and dried fruits with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a honeyed toasted grain, Playdoh and alfalfa sprouts like finish. Not very evocative of a winter beer.
Pale golden yellow color. Aromas of raisin scone have a slight vegetal twang with a frothy, dryish light-to-medium body a toasty, grassy finish. A solid lawnmower beer.
Aromas of caramel spread on toast and omelet with a supple, dry light-to-medium body and a honeyed grain, dusty radish, and spiced green pear accented finish with a slight metallic twang.
Cloudy golden color with a faint gray cast. Aromas of banana taffy, delicate spice, barn hay, and wheat cracker with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy pepper, kiwi, grass and melon rind accented finish. A nice vibrant take on the style.
Murky copper brown color. Oaky aromas and flavors of sour cherry and lemon, toffee, anise, sassafras, composted fruits, and bark with a frothy dry medium body and a creamy sour Greek lemon yogurt, nutskin and radish finish.
Light amber color. Lively, fruity aromas and flavors of honeyed grapefruit and mangoes and toasted herb muffin with a supple, vibrant, frothy, dryish medium body and an astringent, delightful, medium-long finish manifesting accents of peppercorns, grilled radicchio, and radish. A nice vibrantly bitter pale bordering on an IPA.
Mahogany color. Aromas and flavors of cocoa, coconut, incense, and taffy wrapper with a bright, petillant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, relaxed finish with shades of nuts and bread dough. A solid quaffer.
Amber color. Aromas of butterscotch, caramel corn, and toast with a soft, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk peach jam finish. A carefree quaffer.
Minutely hazy light gold color. Faint, grainy aromas of toast, baked vegetable, and starfruit with a supple, bright, fizzy, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy pepper and citrus peel finish. A toasty, savory kolsch.
Hazy light golden straw color. Mild aromas suggest spicy apple butter, creamy nougat, and lanolin lotion with a soft, non-carbonated dryish light-to-medium body and an oily, somewhat flat apple bobbing water and a lemon finish. The stillness is a bit odd for a bottled cider, but fairly true to the Scrumpy style.
Deep old color color. Faint aromas of baked pear, crayon, and nut brittle with a crisp, frothy, fruity medium body and a caramel, honey, wet earth, and pear sauce finish. Pleasant.
Pale amber color. Aromas of apple custard pie and buttery praline with a soft, mildly fizzy dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and tart apple core and skin finish.
Deep copper color. Aromas of pepper cheese bread and eggy custard with a supple, dryish medium body and a savory cocoa, salty beet, and grass finish. A savory lager for sausages.
Gold color. Bright aromas and flavors of buttery toasted fruit custard pastry with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and a cheery finish manifesting touches of radish, minerals, and nutskin. A pleasant, carefree quaffer.
Golden color. Delicately herbal aromas suggest apple custard tart, melon sorbet, cannabis, and herb muffin with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, tangy, citrus rice candy, turnip, and grass accented finish.
Murky dark brown. Aromas of clay, chocolate figs, grilled root vegetables, and nut butter with a dryish, medium body and a dark roasted chestnut, coffee yogurt,and peppered kale finish. Serve with food.
Dark brown black color with a fine taupe head. Aromas of baker's chocolate, pumpernickel, and delicate herbs with a silky dryish medium body and a roasted carrot, radish and dusty mineral accented finish.
Opaque black brown color. Aromas of cocoa, lavender pastry, and BLT sandwich with a crisp, dryish medium body and a roasted grain, nutskin, pepper and tobacco finish.
Golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of fresh crusty baguette and lemon curd with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, crisp finish that shows nuances of bread crumbs, vanilla pudding, sweet lettuce, and turnip. A very bready, fruit forward quaffer.
Aromas of malted chocolate powder, overripe orange, and a hint of new shoe with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a tangy, savory pepper focaccia and salted nut finish.
Dark ruby brown color. Aromas of chocolate nuts, beans, and mesclun with a supple, vibrant, frothy, dryish light-to-medium body and a mildly astringent, buoyant coffee, bitter greens, and dried cherry finish. A nice stout for the table.
Black brown with a creamy copper head. Spicy and sourish aromas suggest berry vinegar, clay, holiday spices, and root vegetables with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a creamy chocolate and tangy, citrus, dusty nut, and spiced yam finish. Interesting, but a bit confused.
Hazy deep amber mahogany color. Bright aromas of cough syrup and raspberry lozenge with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a bitter, medium length peppercorn, radicchio, grass, and nutskin finish. A somewhat austere fruit beer that needs food.
Reddish bronze brown color. Earthy aromas of crispy pig skin, chocolate nuts, and dark pepper bread toast with a crisp, dryish medium body and a whole nut, latte, dried banana and peppered kale accented finish. A little odd, yet somewhat appealing.
Reddish bronze color. Diametric aromas of dried banana, chocolate caramel fudge and stalky vegetables with a supple, dryish medium body and a slightly sour poached pear, pepper, cocoa, and chestnut honey on greens finish.
Reddish amber color. Disparate aroma suggest honeyed sundried peaches, butter roasted nuts, and molten wax with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a minutely sour apricot vinaigrette on watercress finish.
Brown black color. Delicate aromas of roasted nuts and honeycomb with a supple, frothy, dryish light-to-medium body and a mildly astringent, breezy birch beer, grilled carrots and turnips, and okra finish. A sturdy food beer.
Deep copper color. Aromas of herbal polenta, buttery nut brittle, and egg sandwich with a dryish medium body and a somewhat sour roasted root vegetable and pepper and grilled citrus finish. Pair with smoky bbq.
Dusty yellow color. Lively, curious aromas of matchstick, grilled root vegetable, dried apricot, and sour dough toast with a velvety, bright, effervescent, fruity light body and a smooth, fast grass, egg, and nutskin finish. A foursquare food beer.
Dark copper color. Peppery aromas of peppercorn, waxy honeycomb, Brussels sprouts, and bubblegum with a supple, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium length baked apple, lemon, mesclun, and roasted root vegetables finish. A nice savory table beer.
Clear gold color. Mild, toasty aromas of lemon muffin and grassy herbs with a soft, crisp, effervescent, dryish light body and a sleek, brisk grain, grassy, honeyed root veggies, and damp cloth finish. A savory quaffer for the table.
Minutely hazy yellow straw color. Lively, yeasty aromas of dough, paper mache, nuts, and kumquats with a satiny, lively, finely carbonated, very sweet light body and an effortless, refreshing, cheery wafer, lemon juice, and nettle finish. A racy and refreshing Berliner Weisse, spot on for the style.
Brilliant sunburst color. Rich, spicy aromas of ginger snap cookie, lightly caramelized fruits and nuts, and brown spices with a velvety, bright, effervescent, fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length spiced pumpkin, chili pepper, and radicchio finish. A rich, hot and spicy pumpkin beer.
Opaque cloudy garnet salmon color. Mild aromas and flavors of berry danish in a box and herb butter with a soft, soft, finely carbonated, light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy finish with touches of pepper bread crust, turnip, and citrus. A pleasant, lightly fruity quaffer.
Dark brown color. Bright, attractive aromas of chocolate, orange peels, sautéed greens, and green tea leaves with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, sweet-and-sour medium-to-full body and a peppery, snappy white ash, bamboo, grass, and pepper finish.
Golden yellow color. Lively aromas and flavors of spicy pear tart, tapioca, and pear candy with a silky, tangy, petillant, fruity medium body and a engaging, medium-length finish displaying overtones of sweet citrus. A nice well rounded perry.
Bright old gold color. Lively aromas and flavors of oregano, salty roasted nuts, corn pudding, and light broccoli with a supple, crisp, frothy, dryish medium body and a seamless, breezy finish with shades of nutskin, lemon pepper, watercress, and dried peach. A nice savory helles for the table.
Dark golden amber color. Delicate aromas of roasted nut brittle, honeyed toast, and brown apple with a supple, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, cheery pepper, radish, roasted corn, and dried fruit finish. A nicely balanced, easy drinking lager.
Copper color. Mild aromas of toasted tomato focaccia, brazil nuts, and orange blossom honey with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a crisp corn chowder, mustard greens, pepper, and straw finish. A savory quaffer, best with food.
Deep amber color. Delicate aromas and flavors of egg sandwich and circus peanut with a soft, crisp, fizzy, dryish medium body and a mildly astringent, breezy finish with notes of pepper, fruit chutney, water chestnut, and nutshell. A solid Octoberfest.
Bronze copper color. Aromas of toffee with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, salted nuts and lettuce finish. A solid fest beer.
Brown black mahogany color. Curious aromas and flavors of diet ginger ale, red licorice, spiced chocolate, and sassafras with a supple, bright, under-carbonated, fruity light-to-medium body and a polished, odd finish displaying notes of nutshell, straw, and watercress. A bit on the sweet side, serve with spicy cuisine.
Dark brown color. Earthy aromas and flavors of rice cake, roasted nuts, and edamame with a supple, crisp, frothy, dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk finish displaying overtones of nutshell, water chestnut, and earth. A sturdy, earthy oatmeal stout.
Dark brown color. Aromas and flavors of dark roasted coffee, roasted chestnuts, and melted chocolate with a supple, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a relaxed finish that shows notes of oak, turnips, and minerals. A nice coffee porter.
Opaque dark brown color. Lively aromas of chocolate yogurt, roasted black walnuts, and toasted grain with a body and a peppery, breezy mesclun, chocolate citrus peels, peppery radish, and turnip finish. A crisp, chocolatey porter.
Dark brown color. Lively, interesting aromas and flavors of hazelnut buttercream, peanut butter ice cream, and cracked black pepper with a supple, soft, under-carbonated, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, delightful, breezy finish displaying suggestions of latte and nutskin. An interesting creamy nutty stout.
Clear copper color. Bright, inviting aromas of toasted herb bread, citrus marmalade, pine, and ammonia with a velvety, bright, spritzy, dryish medium body and a warming, medium-long pepper, succotash, mustard greens, and roasted rutabagas finish. A food beer.
Bright pale amber color. Bright, citrusy aromas of honeyed nuts, orange peach compote, and mint cookie with a soft, effervescent, fruity sweet medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long buttery caramel, pepper, citrus peel, and sweet potato finish. An IPA for those with a hint of a sweet tooth.
Hazy copper color. Bright, fruity, herbal aromas of roasted pineapple, herbal honey, and grapefruit marmalade on toast with a supple, bright, effervescent, fruity medium body and a warming, medium-length caramelized orange, lemon mango pastry, peppery spices, and turnips finish. A zesty, fruity hop driven beer.
Minutely hazy pale amber color. Lively, buttery, meaty aromas of sweet buttered toast and honey with a satiny, crisp, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, medium-length arugula and turnip finish. A nice easy going cream ale that will be good with pub grub.
Clear mahogany color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of mango chutney, chocolate orange peels, banana nut muffin, and reduced balsamic with a glycerous, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, engaging, brisk toast, greens, and coffee finish. Malty brown ale with some nice coffee notes.
Minutely hazy amber color. Delicate, herbal, hoppy hot aromas of honeyed stewed spinach, overripe tropical fruit, putty, and orange aspirin with an even, racy, finely carbonated, bone-dry medium body and a peppery, quirky, medium-length succotash, nutshell, pepper, and radish finish. A very vegetal food-only beer.
Minutely hazy amber color. Bright, earthy, smoky aromas of pine bark and sap, grilled citrus, and honeycomb with a silky, crisp, spritzy, dryish medium body and a peppery, stimulating, medium-long rapini, smoked peppercorns, and earth finish. A robust, in-your-face IIPA with lots of bitterness.
Minutely hazy bronze color. Lively, funky aromas of chocolate yogurt, roasted grain, and salted nuts with a soft, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a sleek, nuanced, long dried apple, brown grass, chocolate mousse, and linen finish. A food beer.
Clear brilliant amber color. Bright, fruity aromas of peach-mango chutney and toasted rye raisin bread with a supple, soft, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity light body and a tingling, breezy mustard green, toasted pepper bread, and nutshells finish. A very relaxed Scottish ale.
Brilliant copper color. Bright, toasty, creamy sweet fruity aromas of chocolate bread and toasted nuts with a glycerous, crisp, finely carbonated, sweet medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-long grilled citrus, radicchio, pepper, and dried stone fruit finish. A nice hop-forward amber ale with a smoky backnote.
Minutely hazy amber color. Rich, interesting, meaty smoky aromas of corned beef sandwich, smoked peppered bacon, and grilled romaine with an even, vibrant, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, medium-length wafers, cucumber skin, and kale finish. An unusual smoky saison to pair with smoked meats and fish.
Gold color. Aromas of egg croissant sandwich and roasted root vegetables with a supple, crisp, frothy, dryish medium body and a peppery, cheery rapini, pepper, dried citrus, and earth finish. A spunky, earthy, astringently peppery beer for the table.
Hazy gold color. Rich, flawed aromas of honey taffy wrapper, vanilla wafer, dried tropical fruit, and turnip with a supple, vibrant, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, medium-length banana chip, honeyed nut, and delicate spice finish. A robust hefe.
Gold color. Aromas of sourdough bread, nuts, and dried banana with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and an effortless, fast wafer, dusty carrot, and minerals finish.
Hazy gold color. Rich, fruity aromas of peach cobbler and honeyed apples and mangos with an even, soft, spritzy, off-dry thin body and a smooth, delightful, breezy wafer, jicama, and toast finish. A tasty appetizing wheat beer with a nice fruitiness.
Brilliant copper color. Bold, vegetal aromas of succotash, roasted Brussels sprouts, and wax with a supple, bright, effervescent, dry medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length mesclun, pepper, grass, and nutshell finish. A funky, savory saison for the table.
Hazy light gold color. Muted, unpleasant, vegetal aromas of beans and wax paper with a supple, soft, effervescent, dryish light-to-medium body and a polished, charming, medium-length corn pudding, salted buttered toast, and root vegetables finish. A savory earthy beer for the table.
Copper color. Aromas of roasted nuts and squash and delicate spice with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a peppery, ginger ale, raisin bread pudding, pepper, and turnip and dried tomato finish. A pleasant fall spiced beer.
Light amber color. Delicate, fruity, buttery aromas of fresh apple and berry strudels and apple juice with a supple, soft, spritzy, moderately sweet medium body and a smooth, medium-length apple sauce and caramelized nuts finish. A pleasant toasty cider with a hint of berry.
Brilliant red oak color. Delicate, fruity, earthy creamy aromas of cherry custard, nougat, vanilla candle, and glued wood with a supple, racy, finely carbonated, cloying light-to-medium body and a warming, interesting, buoyant salted lemon and lime, nutshell, and birch bark finish. An austere and quite sour fruit beer.
Brilliant clear bright yellow straw color. Bright, fruity, creamy aromas of apple bread pudding, white grape, nougat, and banana custard with a soft, tangy, effervescent, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy Meyer lemon curd, melon rind, and straw finish. A bright, tart cider for food.
Brilliant straw green color. Bright, fruity, creamy aromas of raisin bread pudding, dried apples and pears, lilacs and lychees, and cashew brittle with a supple, bright, spritzy, fruity sweet thin body and a polished, buoyant rose water water, clementine and kiwi, and vanilla milk finish. A delicate and floral pear cider.
Bright clear brilliant white gold color. Toasty, smoky aromas of toasted meringue and nuts, spicy apple-carrot relish, plantain skin, and waxy honeycomb with a soft, crisp, petillant, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, swift honeyed nougat finish. A solid well balanced cider with zesty acidity.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Lively, earthy, fruity aromas of apples on the tree, dried flowers, nuts, and cheese rind with a glycerous, lively, petillant, sweet-and-sour medium body and a tingling, engaging, breezy apple cider vinegar on greens, kiwi, nutshell, and damp wood finish. A very dry, racy cider that will be best with foods.
Deep bronze color with a lacy taupe head. Aromas of oily crushed nuts and roasted cabbage with frothy, dry medium body and a molasses on rye, brown grass, and nutskin finish.
Amber color. Aromas of gingerbread and honeyed fruit with a soft, shy, dryish light body and a bitter, brisk mocha yogurt, nutshell, and pepper finish. A carefree quaffer.
Golden color. Aromas of creamy flan, strawberry jam, and praline with a fruity light-to-medium body and a watermelon sorbet and honeyed pound cake driven finish. Oddly fruity for a lager.
Aromas of roasted corn and root vegetables and vanilla yogurt with soft off-dry light body and an apple, starfruit and peppery hop snap.
Reddish copper color. Aromas of caramelized nuts,buttered raisin toast, and pepper with a crisp, supple, dryish medium body and a dried fruit and kale accented finish. A nice food beer.
Lightly hazy golden color. Aromas of roasted corn and nuts, lemon zest and plastic tape with a crisp dryish medium body and an astringent, citrus peel, pine cone and straw-like hop smack on the long finish. Very different, try with spicy Asian food.
Golden amber color. Interesting aromas and flavors of honey roasted peanut butter and toast with a supple, crisp, fizzy, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk finish displaying notes of turnip and sweet corn. A easy going quaffer.
Hazy old gold color with a fine lacy head. Elusive, delicate aromas of peach cream danish, butterscotch, and vanilla soufflé have a hint of apple cider vinaigrette with a satiny, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a very smooth dried pear, water chestnut, and jicama finish. Interesting and best with food.
Bold sour dough and succotash aromas with a fruity medium and a bright apricot jelly on gingersnap and fruity stripe gum flavors with a radish-like finish. A bit strange.
Mild citrus and nutshell aromas with a soft, dryish light body and a tart nectarine and citrus finish.
Amber color. Aromas orange sherbet, lemon pepper, and bread pudding with a brisk, off-dry light-to-medium body and mineral, apple, and honeyed jicama accented finish.
Hazy golden amber color. Toasty malt and citrusy hop aromas with a foamy lightly sour and grainy medium body and a pine, buttered bread, and grapefuity hop finish.
Minutely hazy dull brown black color. Rich, earthy, savory aromas of dark chocolate, roasted chestnuts, coffee, and grass with a silky, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, medium-long burnt coffee and toast, bark, dusty root vegetable, and pepper finish. A straightforward food beer.
Hazy deep amber medium brown color. Fruity aromas and flavors of peach cream danish, apple cider, nuts, and hint of glue with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and a peppery, interesting, medium-length finish displaying notes of citrus marmalade, pepper, and mustard greens. A nice food beer.
Pale yellow color. Aromas of roasted turnip and cinnamon rice pudding with a soft, light body and and crisp citrus and grassy hop finish.
Bright aromas of lemon curd, pear cider, and banana pudding with a dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy dusty radish finish.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate peanut butter bar, fig cookie, peppery spice, and caramel with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and cocoa, cappuccino, whole nut and dried fruit finish. Doesn't deliver expected barrel aged character.
Brown black color. Aromas of chocolate toffee, agave syrup and coconut macaroons with a soft, fruity-yet-dry medium body and an attenuated dried tropical fruit trail mix and radish sprouts-like finish. Interesting.
Deep copper mahogany color. Sourdough, dried Meyer lemon, and nut brittle aromas with a tangy, dryish medium body and a very nutty, almost woody finish with a lash of frisee like hops.
Cloudy sunset golden amber color. Odd aromas of dried stone fruit, sulfury egg cream cheese danish, and dried cod with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a cream, nutskin, radish, and mesclun greens finish.
Golden yellow color with a blanket of white foam. Lightly sulfury scrambled eggs and buttery toast aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity kiwi, mineral and banana sorbet finish.
Bright golden yellow color. Spic and span like aromas of dried lemon peel, lavender talc, thyme, and seltzer water with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a spicy rye, peppercorn, jasmine tea, and honey buttered roasted corn cob finish.
Pale golden color. Fruity banana taffy circus peanut aromas with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity light body and a tart star fruit, kiwi, and melon finish. A serviceable light beer.
Slightly hazy old gold color. Lightly sour aromas of citrus, thyme, and lavender with a supple dryish light-to-medium body and a fleeting wafer, orange ice, and water chestnut finish.
Straw color. Aromas and flavors of toasted white bread and cashew butter with a soft, crisp, effervescent, dry light body and a smooth finish conveying overtones of lettuce and toasted nuts. A nice lawnmower beer.
Dense aromas pine cone, citrus compote, and chocolate yogurt with a supple, dryish medium body and a mellow candied peach, lettuce greens, and wheat grass like finish.
Golden amber color with little carbonation. Aromas of fruity taffy and sweet vinaigrette with a soft, fruity medium body and a tangy fruit salad and watercress finish.
Brilliant mahogany color. Mild, meaty, dank sweaty aromas of chocolate yogurt and scone and salted nuts with a soft, crisp, bubbly, fruity medium body and a seamless, cheery chocolate orange peel, pepper cheese bread, mustard greens, and grassy earth finish. A pleasant beer for some comfort food.
Copper color. Aromas and flavors of poached pears and fruit salad with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a slightly phenolic melted wax note and greens on the finish.
Rich amber color. Aromas of brown sugar, dried fruits, pine needle and honeyed nuts with a supple, dryish medium body and a bitter, blackstrap molasses, pine bark, turnip, and pepper finish. A bit angular and sharp.
Cloudy amber copper color. Curious aromas and flavors of stewed rhubarb, fennel, and okra and focaccia with a very frothy, dryish, medium-full body and a savory, mouthwatering wild strawberry turnover and sour cream accented finish. A bit odd, but should make an interesting table companion.
Amber color. Aromas of caramelized peaches and pineapples, white toffee, and fruitcake with a sweet medium-to-full body and a candied fruit and honeyed greens and carrot driven finish. Pleasantly fruity, but quite sweet and cloying with not enough hop presence for the style on the finish.
Pale straw color. Dusty apple, sesame, leather, and salt water taffy aromas with a very bracing, fizzy, bone-dry medium body and a very tart lime skin, apple core, baking soda, and cracked pepper finish. A very dry, rustic Chablis like cider. Drink now.
Pale golden silver color. Faint aromas of dried apple, brown spices and glued balsa with a bracing bone-dry, fizzy light body and a dilute, very tart lemon pith and apple bobbing water finish.
Bronze mahogany color. Aromas and flavors of raisin toast, wilted spinach, and hint of bacon with a supple, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a mildly astringent, eccentric, relaxed finish that presents impressions of roasted corn, wet grain, dusty root vegetables, and pepper. A pleasant food beer.
Golden straw color. Aromas of Denver omelet, carrot cake, and circus peanut with a supple, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and apple, pepper, and metallic mineral accented finish.
Pale golden color. Aromas of grain, canned pear, and egg sandwich with a crisp, light-to-medium body and a sweet lettuce, peppered melon, potting soil, and water chestnut accented finish.
Hazy copper brown color. Aromas of succotash, toasted corn bread, and caramelized and stewed stone fruits with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a bubblegum, spiced pear, and fig Newton accented finish. Not really a Scottish ale, but a decent choice for pub grub.
Deep amber color. Mild aromas of honeyed date bread, brown sugar, and orange marmalade with a soft, crisp, effervescent, light-to-medium body and a mildly astringent, brisk okra, jicama, celery, and lemon pepper finish. A pleasant food beer.
Dark black brown color. Aromas of chocolate cherry bonbons, focaccia, and raspberry yogurt with a supple fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy raspberry pastry, mocha, and slaw accented finish. A pleasant berry stout.
Golden amber color. Aromas of day old bread and overripe fruit with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a banana taffy and peppered greens finish.
Golden amber color. Aromas of peach-mango yogurt, herb sourdough bread, and peppered cauliflower with a supple, fruity sweet and sour medium-to-full body and a candied tropical fruit salad, peppercorn, and radish finish. A bit too sweet and sour, especially for the style. Serve with funky blue and goat cheeses.
Deep amber color. Aromas of Denver omelet, pepper muffin, and dried mangos with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a frothy, very astringent and prickly, peppered nut, radish and mineral accented finish.
Hazy golden yellow color. Aromas of lemon poppyseed and herb muffins and scrabbled eggs with a crisp, dryish medium body and a lemongrass and stalky greens finish.
Hazy golden amber color. Citrusy, vinous woody sour aromas of caramelized nectarines and lemons, honeyed panettone, and white white vinegar with a satiny, tart, spritzy, moderately sweet light body and a tingling, medium-long dressed heart of palm salad finish.
Hazy dark brown color. Toasty, fruity aromas of smoked jerky, roasted nuts, and chocolate fig with a bright, foamy, fruity sweet medium body and a odd, breezy over sweetened coffee, bibb lettuce, water chestnuts, and okra finish. A somewhat unusual combination of sweetness and vegetation; needs food.
Dark-Brown color. Rich aromas of tropical fruits, nuts, and putty with a tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a prickly, medium-length citrus, peppery spices, honey, and brandied fruits finish. A big brawny IP.
Opaque dark brown black color. Odd aromas of beeswax candle, ham and beans, and stewed veggies with a supple, bright, foamy, dryish medium body and a tingling, odd, brisk tangerine and chocolate toffee finish. An unusual carnival ride of flavors.
Dark brown color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate soufflé, chocolate covered graham crackers, and sweet potato chips with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, crisp finish manifesting accents of watercress, dried citrus, root vegetables, and pepper. A pleasant porter.
Dark brown color. Aromas of circus peanut and maple candy with a supple, bright, effervescent, dry medium body and a peppery, buoyant roasted grain, roasted chestnut, and cedar finish. A pleasant, slightly flavored porter.
Clear copper color. Mild, odd aromas of deep fried pickle and fruit pastry with a even, soft, petillant, dryish thin body and a smooth, short toasted pepper cheese bread and parchment finish.
Hazy pale amber color. Muted, interesting aromas of dried apple and peach, floral honey, lemon scone, and pasta with a supple, bright, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, medium-length candied apricot, turnip, greens and beans, and burlap finish. A sturdy beer for the table.
Clear copper color. Delicate, sweet, smoky aromas of caramelized fruit, burnt sugar, and honeyed raisin toast with a satiny, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-long radicchio, honeyed fruit, and pine bark finish. A very astringent ale.
Gold color. Aromas of lavender, grilled citrus, nettles, and bread with a body and a tingling, medium-long jicama, kiwi, peppercorns, and potpourri finish. A very spicy, earthy, and herbal wit for the table.
Gold color. Aromas of sweet potato pie, sourdough, and dried fruit with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy squash, powdered lemon, spice, and pepper finish. A dry spicy pumpkin beer.
Clear medium golden yellow color. Earthy, waxy aromas of melted crayon, apple creme brulee, dulce de leche gelato, and nougat with a satiny, crisp, spritzy, fruity medium body and a tingling, compelling, crisp roasted nuts, balsa, and grass finish. A sturdy, very earth dry cider.
Pale silver color. Bright, fruity, sweet buttery aromas of candied pear drops, fruit punch, and meringue with a soft, spritzy, moderately sweet light body and a smooth, fast vanilla cream, white chocolate, and apple soda finish. A sweet fruity pear cider.
Gold color. Aromas of berry tart, citrus pith, and grass with a soft, bright, spritzy, fruity light body and a smooth, berry candy and orange aspirin finish.
Dark amber color. Bold, floral, spicy aromas of apple candy and blossoms, spicy strawberry preserves, banana taffy, and cracked black pepper with a soft, spritzy, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a polished, cheery finish. finish. A sweet fruity quaffer.
Brilliant light emerald straw color. Faint, spicy aromas of doughy pie crust, flour, cashew brittle, and cinnamon candle with a supple, crisp, spritzy, fruity thin body and a smooth, breezy spiced apples and lemon, pond water, and grass finish. A pleasant tangy spiced cider.
Light light gold color. Delicate, smoky, earthy aromas of charred fish skin, wet campfire embers, grilled squash, and deep fried pickle with a soft, petillant, off-dry light body and an effortless, snappy grilled apples and singed herbs finish. A curious smoked cider that will work best with food.
Mahogany copper color. Inviting aromas and flavors of mocha, toffee, dried fruits, and boiled peas with a silky, vibrant, effervescent, fruity medium body and a warming, medium-length finish revealing impressions of grilled romaine, roasted carrot, date, and citrus marmalade. A vegetable laden Scottish ale.
Aromas of caramel on fig toast and a hint of stewed veggies with a supple, dryish medium body and root vegetable puree, cacao nib, and nutshell dominated finish.
Bright golden amber color. Aromas of Brussels sprouts, honey, peach nectar, and clementine with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a wheat toast, melon, spinach, and peppery spice finish. Serve with food.
Old gold color. Aromas of pepper omelet and honeyed corn bread with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a crisp, canned orange and daikon radish finish.
Golden yellow color. Delicate aromas and flavors of honeyed green apple, pepper muffin, and lemon sorbet with a supple, crisp, frothy, dryish light body and an effortless, fast finish with impressions of sweet corn and green pear. A nice lawnmower beer.
Clear golden color with frog eye bubbles. Angular aroma of egg yolks, chicken fat, and sourdough bread with an almost flat dryish light-to-medium body and a terse buttered white toast, banana taffy, and jicama finish. Drinkable, but really under delivers on the style.
Golden yellow color. Starfruit, roasted sweet potato, and cinnamon roll with a soft, light body and a jicama, apple, and chalk accented finish.
Aromas of baked beans and radicchio with a touch of chocolate pudding. Frothy and dry-yet-fruity with a crisp mocha, citrus, and celery accented finish. A bit uneven upfront but finishes nicely, try with fried clams and oysters.
Deep brown black color. Lightly smoked aromas of chocolate covered nuts, apple skins, and peaty potting soil with a dryish light-to-medium body and a fleeting cigar ash and coffee grounds accented finish.
Brilliant copper color. Slightly sour aromas of peanut butter, zucchini bread, fruit gum and crayon with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and honey, apple custard and kale finish.
Golden amber. Aromas of ginger tea, ginger bread, and spicy apple sauce with a very sweet, lightly carbonated light body and a somewhat cloying ginger granita, fruit salad, and diet ginger ale finish.
Beautiful pure gold color. Aromas of flaky cream puff, wet dog, and marmalade with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy stone fruit, citrus, and tapioca accented finish. Doesn't taste particularly flavored.
Cloudy dusty ruby color. Tart red berry and tomato focaccia aromas with a tart, bone dry light-to-medium body and a round, savory salted berry and blood orange finish.
Pale copper color with a slight haze. Aromas of honeyed tropical fruit pastry and cling peaches with a frothy, fruity medium body and sweet toffeed nut, banana nut muffin, and wheatgrass finish.
Brown black color. Aromas of chocolate toffee, tape, and cherry vinaigrette with a frothy, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a honeyed stone and tropical citrus fruit, apple, and putty accented finish. Very cloying and slightly phenolic.
Aromas of banana strawberry yogurt, roasted nuts, and apple cider vinaigrette on mesclun with a tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a melon rind, canned corn, and toast finish.
Brown color. Aromas of stale peanut butter and figs with a sourish medium body and a sweet chocolate pudding, nutskin, turnip, and citrusy floral bath soap accented finish.
Dark brown color. Aromas of roasted nuts, chocolate and charred toast with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a firmly astringent, roasted grain, coffee bean and whole nut accented finish. Nice.
Dark brown color. Aromas of chocolate, smoked nuts, and dried chili pepper with fairly flat but vaporously peppery, dryish medium body and a pepper dust, turnip and grass finish with lingering hot chili pepper slow burning warmth and tingle on the tongue and nostrils. Needs more weight and balance.
Golden amber color. Vibrant aromas and flavors of mango, pineapple, and peach gelatos with a dollop of herbs with supple, dryish medium body and touch of crayon, clay, and cannabis on the bitter peppery, charred nut and grass finish. A bit uneven.
Hazy deep gold color. Vegetal aromas and flavors suggest okra, roasted corn, and turnip with a dry medium body and a crisp, peppery, rye crisp, and radish skin finish. A rustic wheat beer that needs food.
Bright golden yellow color. Slightly sour aromas of sourdough, nuts, celery salt, and dried citrus peels with a frothy, dryish medium body and a tangy omelet, Greek yogurt, and peppery arugula accented finish. A nice choice for cheeses.
Hazy amber copper color. Aggressive and dimension habanero pepper aromas are reminiscent of hot sauce not beer with a sharp, dry medium body and an amazingly hot roasted ghost pepper finish that lingering and stimulates the tear duct and mucous membranes. More of a pepper condiment than a beer, but the super hot pepper flavor is very pure and is the hottest beer we've ever reviewed. BE CAREFUL, drink in very small quantities at a time.
Brown black color. Curious aromas and flavors of waxy chocolate covered cherries, overripe pineapple, coconut yogurt, corn silk, and beans and edamame with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium body and a warming, appealing, medium-length finish with suggestions of spiced apple, honeyed lettuce, nutshell, and root veggies. A somewhat vegetal and savory food beer.
Silvery straw emerald color. Bright, fruity aromas and flavors of hard watermelon candy and suede with a supple, bright, effervescent, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a brisk finish with notes of lime popsicle and diet melon soda. A sweet candied quaffer.
Dark brown black color. Pungent burnt nut and grass and char-grilled vegetable and tropical fruit aromas with a sourish fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a stewed citrus and vegetable, pepper, kale, cocoa, and peanut brittle finish. A bit odd, but interesting; serve with food.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of circus peanuts, stewed veggies, and chocolate soda with a brisk, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a very tangy, citrus, melon, nutshell, and arugula slap on the finish.
Dark brown with a bronze cast. Aromas and flavors of toasted coconut, cashew butter, and faint crayon and clay with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy overripe apple, water chestnut, coconut husk, and grassy earth accented finish.
Dark black brown color with an amber rim and no head. Bold coffee grounds aromas and flavors with a flat dry medium body and a roasted grain and clay finish. Could use more carbonation.
Dark brown with a gray beige lace. Aromas of burnt crayon and nut bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a chocolate mousse, straw, and whole chestnut finish. Slightly flawed, upfront, but finishes decently.
Copper bronze color. Aromas of nutshells, pepper, dried pear, and dandelions with supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a slightly phenolic molten rubber, bitter greens, and grilled turnip finish.
Golden yellow color. Bold aromas of lavender, lemongrass and thyme are reminiscent of fine French soap with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body with orange gelato, pink pepper, and candied violet notes on the finish. A bit over spiced.
Medium-Brown color. Bold aromas of coffee with a supple, soft, petillant, dryish light-to-medium body and a mildly astringent, breezy salted nuts finish with moderate oak. A coffee driven barrel aged beer.
Dark copper color. Mild aromas and flavors of pepper dust, caramelized carrot, and boiled egg with a supple, crisp, fizzy, fruity medium body and a mildly astringent, breezy finish with notes of turnip, radish, and roasted nuts. A solid session beer.
Light hazy copper color. Aromas and flavors of honeyed fig bread toast and caramel cookie with a satiny, frothy, fruity medium-full body and a tingling, brisk finish with accents of chestnut brittle, peppery spice, kale, and paper. A round and zesty amber ale with an interesting caramel and nut character; serve with food.
Amber color. Somewhat odd aromas of buttery caramel corn, grape soda, apple taffy, and vanilla candle with a soft, crisp, foamy, fruity medium body and a fruit salad, banana pudding, and arugula finish. A very fruity lager.
Dark brown black color. Mild aromas of dark chocolate, nuts, and soy rice cakes with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry medium body and a tingling, cheery grilled romaine, dark roasted coffee bean, and clay finish. A sturdy, earthy porter.
Minutely hazy medium mahogany color. Delicate, meaty, vegetal aromas of ground nuts, chocolate, and pork rinds with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a brisk finish with a metallic twang. A sturdy sipper.
Opaque dark brown color. Curious, meaty aromas and flavors of bbq pork and beans, peppered greens, and acidic coffee with a supple, racy, foamy, dryish medium body and a tingling, breezy finish revealing overtones of nut brittle, latte, chocolate covered citrus, and grass. A meaty coffee stout.
Gold color. Aromas of roasted grains and breads and succotash with a round, bright, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a buttered toast, bibb lettuce, and minerals finish. A food beer.
Clear gold color. Delicate, medicinal, fruity phenolic aromas of grilled root vegetables, lemon herb muffin, and dried banana with a supple, soft, effervescent, dryish light body and a seamless, breezy toasted grain and taro root finish. A dry hefe with a lemony snap.
 Certified Organic 
Mahogany color. Aromas of fruity caramels, peach chutney, cherry vinaigrette, and white toffee with a soft, under-carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery, breezy turnip, grass, dark honeyed nuts, and peppercorn finish with light oak.
Chestnut brown amber color. Aromas of freshly sliced ginger root, Spic and span, and floured blini with a sweet, fizzy medium body and a caramelized green pear, crystallized ginger and grassy earth finish. A bit too sweet and almost ginger ale-like, but the ginger flavor is pure.
Minutely hazy golden color. Aromas and flavors of honeyed pear danish and banana chips with a supple, dry medium body and a toffeed nut with a bit molten plastic and wax on the finish.
Hazy orange amber color with a fleeting rim of frog's eye bubbles. Unusual aromas of oily cashew butter, gingerbread, tropical soda, tomato soup, and lime curd with a prickly, fruity medium body and hoppy, flat ginger ale and cola, nougat, arugula, citrus rind, and toasted pepper bread finish. Very atypical and somewhat jumbled.
Yellow color. Aromas of baked root vegetables, cider vinegar, pepper cracker, and pork rinds with a supple, puckering, effervescent, sour body and a tingling, peculiar, medium-length buttered toast, lemon pith, grass, and hot pickle finish. An unusual amalgamation of sour, meaty and buttery tones.
Pale golden color. Aromas of buttery baguette and orange marmalade with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity light body and a tinny banana and melon sorbet finish.
Opaque brown color. Mild, earthy aromas of cocoa, nuts, and forest floor with a even, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light body and a graceful, medium-length mocha, sprouts, and minerals finish. A milder (British) take on a black IPA.
 Certified Organic 
Bright mahogany color. Bright, toasty, odd sweaty sweet aromas of chocolate nuts, bacon bits, and dark raisin baguette with a satiny, vibrant, effervescent, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, somewhat odd, medium-length honeyed scone, root beer, mocha, and watercress finish. A very fruity brown ale to serve with spicy foods.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of pretzel bread, celery, and vanilla custard with a dry, finely carbonated light-to-medium body and a vegetal stewed bean, hominy, and peppery radish finish.
Hazy golden amber color. Aromas of stewed root vegetables, musty attic, sour dough and cheese rind with a tart dry medium body and a musty cloth, kumquat peel and salty nut, accented finish. Very sour and little fruit.
Aromas of grilled asparagus, putty, candied raspberry and citrus, and cheese with a chewy, vinous and tart medium-full body and a dried peach skin, cedar and bamboo shoot finish. Odd and needs food.
Deep amber color. Vegetal honey sautéed carrot and Swiss chard aromas with a soft, dryish medium body and a crisp, roasted root vegetable and peppery hop finish. Serve with food, especially beef stew.
Murky golden amber color. Lightly oxidized aromas of vinaigrette on grilled fruit salad with a spicy, nougat and parchment accented finish.
Dark brown black color. Slightly musty and vegetal aromas of stewed okra, lemon pepper, grilled turnip and wet mop with a limp, under carbonated, dry light body and a fleeting balsa and bamboo shoot finish.
Deep copper brown color. Aromas and flavors of baker's chocolate, roasted nuts and corn, and sulfury egg and matchstick with a supple, dryish medium body and a astringent grassy and citrus pith like hop finish.
Deep reddish brown. Sweaty aromas of tomato paste, pencil eraser, fruity coffee cake, and nougat with a tangy, sourish medium body and a tomato jelly, peach butter on rye and peppery turnip greens finish.
Golden amber color. Aromas of corn chowder, toast and paprika with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, very astringent nutshell, grass and grilled citrus like hop finish.
 Certified Organic 
Pale copper color. Aroma of overripe citrus, melon balls, nutskin, apple butter on sourdough toast with a dryish medium body and a peppered jicama, apple peel, and radish finish. Not a lot of hop character, but a decent pub grub quaffer.
Bright golden yellow color. Rather sulfury and phenolic matchstick and burnt nut and rubber aromas mask the fruit. Tart, fizzy and dry on the palate with a dryish medium body and a smoky, grilled green apple skin and chalk finish. Uneven.
Hazy pale amber color. Curious aromas of apricot chutney on toast and tangerine vinaigrette with a supple, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a mellow clementine, cayenne, jicama, and nougat accented finish. Very different in style do to the lambic-like sour nose, but an interesting option for food pairing or cocktails.
Amber color. Aromas of potato bread dough with a crisp, dry light-to-medium body and a vegetal, melon, peppery hop and straw mat finish.
Bright golden amber color. Interesting, earthy aromas and flavors of apple cider vinaigrette, sweet potato, and a hint of dark turkey meat with a soft, bright, under-carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light body and a appealing, medium-long finish that presents nuances of mustard greens, bark, pepper, and grass. A very earthy, medicinal cider that could use more carbonation.
Gold color. Curious aromas of apple cobbler and cream cheese on a bagel with a puckering, petillant, sweet-and-sour light-to-medium body and a bland, short green apple skin, lemon juice, lime juice, and tea leaf finish. A dry bracing racy for the table.
Pale golden straw color. Inviting, oaky aromas and flavors of whisper of wheated whisky barrel, nut brittle, spiced apples, and musk with a lightly tannic, puckering, under-carbonated, sourish medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, odd, brisk finish conveying notes of balsa, pepper, lemon pith, and overripe apple core with barky tannins and moderate oak. A drying wave of wood almost smothers the cider, this needs food.
Straw color. Aromas and flavors of steamed rice and cream farina with a soft, shy, effervescent, light body and a polished, terse finish revealing notes of turnip and nuts.
Black color. Mild aromas of gas station coffee and over roasted nut with a flat, soft, under-carbonated, dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk roasted squash and turnip finish. A serviceable stout.
Brown black color. Bright aromas of melted toffee and peanut brittle with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a peppery, fast bitter greens, roasted whole chestnuts, root vegetables, and balsa finish.
Clear deep amber color. Mild, phenolic, herbal medicinal rubbery aromas of stewed fruits, mango yogurt, and root veggies with a velvety, bright, finely carbonated, dryish light body and a tingling, quick burnt sugar and rubber, roasted nuts, pepper, and turnips finish.
Minutely hazy pale amber color. Dank, funky aromas of dried mangos and oranges, lemon drop, and lentils with a satiny, lively, finely carbonated, very sweet medium body and a tingling, medium-long orange soda, mandarin oranges, pepper, and spinach finish. An interesting mash-up of IPA and orange flavors however the sweetness is alarming and doesn't mesh well.
Bright copper color. Bright, fruity, toasty hoppy vegetal aromas of corn pudding, bean salad, and orange marmalade with a velvety, soft, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, intriguing, long rapini, reduced lemon peel, and pepper finish. A feisty and very bitter pale ale.
Hazy gold color. Bright, floral, grainy creamy confected aromas of banana muffin, brazil nut, cabbage, and wet newspaper with a soft, crisp, fizzy, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a warming, cheery radish, potato, parchment, and pepper finish.
Clear old gold color. Citrusy, fruity aromas of lemon sorbet, lavender talc, and cream puff with an oily, bright, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length lemon cream tart, lemon grass, and pine sol finish. A brash floral lemon beer.
Pale brilliant clear deep amber color. Delicate, toasty aromas of buttered corn bread, vanilla yogurt nuts, and dried herbs with a silky, crisp, spritzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, unusual, brisk stewed veggies, roasted corn, and taro root finish.
Dark brown black color. Aromas of chocolate nuts and pepper with phenolic melted crayon and foam rubber notes. Fairly flat with a dry medium body and a Band-Aid plastic, nutshell, and hay finish. Problematic.
Hazy amber color. Aromas and flavors of frittata, funky cheese rind,nettles, dusty straw mat, and sour overripe grapefruit and stone fruits with a tart, sourish medium body and a tangy, orange vinaigrette on watercress and clay finish. Flawed, but interesting.
Copper amber color. Yeasty apple yogurt, honey, and newspaper aromas and flavors with a sweet-sour light body and a soft, lactic and apple seed and lemon pith finish.
Bright light amber color and head. Aromas of roasted asparagus, sauerkraut and nuts. Dirty root veggie, overripe apple, and cardboard flavors follow.
Bright pink platinum color. Confected aromas and flavors of strawberry milkshake and cotton candy with a soft, tangy, fizzy, fruity sweet light body and a silky, cheery finish with notes of diet red cream soda. A candied quaffer.
Russet brown color with big bubbles. Clumsy aromas of candle wax, brewer's yeast, candy sugar, and honeyed dried fruits with a glycerous, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a flat sassafras, pine cone, and circus peanut finish. A bit disjointed.
Deep brown color with a tan lace. Aromas of rubber balloon, fruity taffy, and bubblegum with a sharp tart, medium-full body and a very sour and drying lemon pith, cherry pit, cacao nib, balsa board, and pomegranate seed finish. Quite austere, and unwieldy at present.
Reddish bronze color. Muscular aromas roasted grain, clay, whole peanuts, and salted jerky with a soft, limpish dry light-to-medium body a bold grilled root vegetable, coffee substitute, and molasses bread dominated finish. Not together flavor wise.
Dark brown black color. Odd aromas and flavors of stewed veggies and succotash with a supple, crisp, frothy, sweet-and-sour medium-full body and a prickly, medium length finish with accents of tamari, vegemite, and boozy alcohol. A brash, rustic barrel aged beer.
Dark walnut color. Lively, phenolic aromas of burnt rubber, smoked nuts, and succotash with a glycerous, soft, finely carbonated, fruity full body and a tingling, medium-length plastic, sprouts, ash, and carob finish.
Hazy color. Aromas and flavors of lemon marmalade on pepper bread toast, grilled radish, and hop pellets with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, sourish light-to-medium body and a mildly astringent, breezy finish evoking notes of roasted carrots, parchment, mustard greens, and herbal anchovy pizza. A savory, vegetal lager best serve with food.
Dark copper color. Delicate aromas of roasted chestnuts, succotash, and breakfast burrito with a supple, bright, under-carbonated, dryish light-to-medium body and a stewed veggies, grass clipping, paper, and toasted corn tortilla finish. Serve with food.
Minutely hazy amber color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of peach pastry and banana pie with a satiny, flat, effervescent, sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, scant spicy apple pie, peppered lettuces, and honeyed fruit finish. A sweet saison.
Clear brilliant pale silver color. Mild, waxy aromas of candle, waxy apples, apple ice, and melon in a bag with an even, lively, effervescent, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a polished, quick green apple skin, minerals, and apple cider vinaigrette finish. A rustic, funky cider with nice table appeal.
Cloudy golden amber color. Delicate, fruity, earthy aromas of baked and pureed peaches, vanilla nut brittle, straw, and slapped herbs with a soft, vibrant, effervescent, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk lemons and apple skins finish. A tangy, oak aged cider with an earthy edge.
Gold color. Aromas of fruit salad, herbs, and hay stack with a supple, crisp, effervescent, sweet-and-sour light-to-medium body and a somewhat odd, grass, lemon, sour apple, and parchment finish. An earthy, herbal cider for cheeses.
