Black ruby color. Spicy, herbal attractive aromas of eucalyptus, blueberry cobbler, and vanilla toffee with a velvety, lively, medium-full body and a smooth, subtle, very long menthol mint, creme brulee, and spiced nuts finish with moderate oak. An amazingly delicious, complex, and satiny powerhouse.
Yellow color. Aromas and flavors of creamy nougat, kiwi, and banana custard with a vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, complex, long finish with overtones of nectarine, key lime, minerals, and delicate spice. Exquisite balance, subtlety and depth of flavor; a world class pinot grigio.
Opaque dark violet black color. Bold aromas and flavors of blueberry pie a la mode, rice krispy treat, and pink peppercorns with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, long finish displaying impressions of eucalyptus, exotic spice, creme brulee, and pencil shavings with silky tannins and moderate oak. A sensational flavorful and generously fruity red that is sure to please.
Bright medium dark copper color. Lively, exotic, fruity spicy aromas of golden raisin chutney, spiced caramel cake, and butter sautéed almonds with a satiny, tangy, moderately sweet full body and a warming, long baked apricot and reduced lemon finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A sensational flavorful and true-to-style fortified wine that drinks like a great Palo Cortado Sherry; impressive!
Ruby black color. Bright, herbal, attractive aromas of marinated olives and raspberry tart with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a warming, nuanced, long sour cherries, tangerine sorbet, spiced apple, and herbed nuts finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A fantastically flavorful and stylish zinfandel in the classic, hedonistic style.
Bright medium straw green color. Lively, attractive aromas of baked peaches, roasted apples, and lime with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long lemon spritzed apples, shortbread cookie, gherkin, and chalk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A lovely domestic albariño with lots of savory table appeal.
Garnet color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of cranberry compote and spiced caramel apple with a velvety, vibrant, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and an effortless, nuanced, medium-long pomegranate-lemon sorbet, nutskin, and earth finish with no oak. A fantastically rich and elegant sparkling fruit wine.
Bright pale yellow straw color. Bright, attractive, toasty aromas of spicy pineapple-peach tart and lemon curd with a supple, tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, long orange sorbet, lemon scone, and minerals finish with fruit tannins and no oak. An elegantly balanced and flavorful blanc de blanc.
Black ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas of blueberry cobbler and macadamia gelato with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and an effortless, interesting, medium-long cashew toffee and chocolate coconut dream bar finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A hedonist, richly flavored, super balanced zinfandel.
Opaque black violet color. Bright, attractive, fruity nutty aromas of cassis pie a la mode, toffee, creme brulee, and nuts and leather with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-full body and a smooth, complex, very long spicy meringue, nougat, and fine oak finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A remarkably plush, inky, and thoroughly delicious and balanced cabernet.
Black garnet color. Bright, inviting, complex aromas of melted chocolate, olive tapenade, fruit pastry, and toasted herbs with a satiny, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, involved, long vanilla custard, delicate spices, minerals, and pepper finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A wonderfully layered old world styled red blend with great depth and balance.
Black garnet color. Spicy, attractive aromas of spiced cherries, fresh almond nougat, chocolate, and marinated cucumber with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, long sandalwood, cedar spice chest, cornichon, and pepper dust finish with silky, fine tannins and moderate oak. A fabulously flavorful, complex, and savory syrah.
Bright dark deep amber emerald color. Exotic aromas of ripe peaches, hone, toffee, sultana raisins, and caramel with a glycerous, tangy, very sweet full body and a warming, prodigious, very long finish with no tannins and no oak.
Violet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of mocha cream, berry pie a la mode, and toffee with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and an even, long finish with shades of pistachio nougat, brown spices, cedar, and minerals with silky tannins and moderate oak. A delicious, voluptuous, and elegant cabernet that is drinking brilliantly now.
Golden yellow color. Lively aromas and flavors of kidd leather, dried stone fruits, and white nougat with a silky, tangy, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a complex, long finish that shows impressions of honeyed apricot and clementine sorbet. A fantastic dessert with great acidity, intensity, depth and length.
Ruby color. Complex, attractive aromas and flavors of olive, coconut, pie crust, and chocolate rice bar with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, very complex finish with notes of toffee, Asian spices, nougat, and leather with silky tannins and moderate oak. A rich, elegant and seductive cabernet.
Opaque black garnet color. Lively, earthy, mature aromas and flavors of dried blueberries, leather saddle, carob bar, and hint of barnyard with a silky, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a subtle, long finish that shows notes of black raspberry pie, vanilla cream, praline, and mocha with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. An utterly delicious and complex red wine that continues to evolve and is very reminiscent of a great Pomerol.
Bright medium salmon color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of berry tart and toasted nuts with a oily, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, elegant, medium-long honeyed sour cherries, melon, tangerine, and minerals finish with firm tannins and light oak. A robustly flavorful rose with great acidity.
Bright gold color. Lively, interesting aromas of golden raisins, honey baked peaches, and melon with a silky, vibrant, sweet medium body and a tingling, nuanced, medium-long minerals, nutskin, and diesel finish with fine fruit tannins and no oak. A light and lively dessert wine with complex minerality like a German auslese.
Silvery straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of peaches, lemon verbena, and lime leaf with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, stimulating, long nectarine, Meyer lemon sorbet, lime, and nougat finish with fine fruit tannins and no oak. A sensational flavorful and delicious pinot grigio.
Bright brilliant pale golden straw color. Rich, attractive, sweet aromas of honey baked peaches, delicate spiced apples, and golden raisins with a glycerous, vibrant, sweet medium-full body and a sleek, complex, long buttercream, orange sorbet, and minerals finish with fine fruit tannins and no oak. A superbly balanced dessert wine with great acidity and style.
Ruby color. aromas of raspberry jam, cherry pie, and white toffee with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, complex, medium-long honeyed blueberries, sweet cream, and peppery spices finish with fine tannins and light oak. A deliciously fruity, pure, vibrant, and crowd pleasing red.
Bright dark black garnet color. Bright, attractive aromas of mocha, toffee, and berry pie with a glycerous, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, complex, long pink pepper, dried sour cherry and apricot, nuts, and earth finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A fantastically rich and flavor packed syrah with great depth and warmth.
Gold color. Aromas of spiced peaches, raisins, and honey cream with a satiny, lively, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a smooth, elegant, long spiced apples and minerals finish with no oak. A delicious, resonant dessert wine with great fruit and balance.
Medium light gold color. Bold, attractive, baked aromas of bananas foster and buttery strawberry waffles with whipped cream with a velvety, vibrant, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a smooth, nuanced, long honey butter finish. A wonderfully flavorful and delicious off dry mead that is flowing with fruit.
Pale light clear straw color. Bright, attractive, fruity aromas of ripe peach and apple blossoms with a glycerous, crisp, fruity sweet medium body and a seamless, subtle, medium-length peach jam on raisin scone, honey, and apple sauce finish. A delicious, dessert mead that is sure to please.
Bright medium pale orange salmon color. Bright, fruity aromas of peach-pineapple tart and spiced apples with a soft, tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, long lemon, blood orange, and delicate spices finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A delicious vibrant Rose Champagne.
Gold color. Vibrant aromas of lemon curd and brioche with a round, racy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, intricate, very long Key lime pie, green apples, and minerals finish with fine, fruit tannins. A deliciously decadent vintage Champagne that is sure to satisfy.
Deep purple color. Inviting, complex aromas of raisin-berry tart, creme brulee, and delicate baking spices with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, very long dried berries, chocolate, and vanilla custard finish with fine, chewy tannins. A spectacularly flavorful, complex and elegant zinfandel.
Nearly opaque black garnet color. Bright, attractive, spicy aromas of berry chutney, chocolate cream pie, and coconut macaroon with a supple, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, long spiced dried cherries, vanilla toffee, and roasted nuts finish with silky tannins and light oak. A vibrant, seamless, sensationally flavor stacked zinfandel.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet color. Complex aromas and flavors of cranberry bread toast, olive, leather, and alpine mint with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, delightful, medium-length finish displaying overtones of sandalwood, clay, boysenberry, and eucalyptus honey with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A vigorous and concentrated cabernet.
Deep purple black color. Interesting, earthy aromas and flavors of charred meat, mocha, toasted olive bread, and dried berries with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful finish with accents of cherry skin, cedar, and sweet spices with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A powerfully delicious wine for the table.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright amber color. Rich, inviting aromas and flavors of caramelized peaches, coconut macaroon, toffee, and roasted tropical fruits with a satiny, tangy, sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, long finish with notes of suede, raisin, spice, and nuts with light oak. A fantastic, resonant dessert wine.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate and cassis pie a la mode with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, complex, long finish with notes of sweet spices, cherries, praline, and minerals with moderate oak. A sensational cab.
Dark garnet violet black color. Rich aromas of chocolate mousse, creme brulee, and honeyed berries with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-long craisins, spiced nuts, and sandalwood finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A spot on petit verdot and great structure and aging potential.
Silvery straw color. Fruity aromas and flavors of lychee, cling peaches, and carnation with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a polished, compelling, relaxed finish conveying overtones of minted melon, yellow apple, delicate brown spices, and pineapple with no oak. A very tasty and well balanced vidal blanc.
Opaque bright dark garnet blue color. Complex, interesting, attractive aromas and flavors of blackberry cobbler, baked cedar planks, dried flowers - violets, and mocha with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and an astringent, intricate, medium-long finish with firm tannins and heavy oak.
Dark garnet violet color. Rich, fruity aromas and flavors of warm blueberry cobbler, toffee, and dulce de leche gelato with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, appealing, long finish manifesting notes of blackberry tart, roasted nuts, mint, and earth with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A superb, polished, and structured red blend wine that delivers great pleasure with every sip.
Dark ruby black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of berry tart, pepper, tomato chutney, and floral honey with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a silky finish that exhibits notes of nougat, apple skin, and vanilla brittle with chewy tannins and light oak. A nicely structured merlot with solid fruit and tannins the table.
Opaque ruby garnet black color. Bold aromas and flavors of chocolate raisins, brandied cherries, floral honeycomb, and black raspberry jam with a supple, bright, fruity medium-full body and an appealing finish that exhibits notes of peppery spice and pomegranates with chewy tannins and light oak. A fun, jammy Napa cab that has a lively, zinfandel-like character.
Garnet black color. Toasty, peppery aromas and flavors of cassis jam on toast, peppery spices, marinated olives, and chocolate with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-long finish imparting overtones of chocolate citrus peels, mint, craisin, and pepper with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid, very tasty cab with plenty of structure for the table.
Opaque violet black color. Rich, dense, fruity aromas and flavors of raisins, blackberry pie, and honeycomb with a supple, lively, medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex finish conveying notes of spiced goji berries, vanilla pralines, cedar, and earth with chewy tannins. A delicious and vibrant Napa cabernet that is sure to please.
Dark garnet black color. Delicate, toasty, creamy aromas of berry pie a la mode and toffee with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, intriguing, medium-length sour cherry chutney, blueberry cobbler, and honeyed nuts finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and appetizing cabernet with loads of flavor.
Opaque bright garnet dark blue color. Complex, attractive, interesting aromas and flavors of ripe blackcurrants, dried herbs - mint, pomegranate, and roasted planked wood with a tannic, bright, dry full body and a mildly astringent finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Violet garnet color. Bright aromas and flavors of blackberry jam on nut toast, pomegranate sorbet, dried cherry, and suede with a silky, tangy, petillant, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish displaying notes of berry soda, grape sorbet, and grape apple. A deliciously fun, zesty dessert wine that is sure to please.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Medium dark violet color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of chocolate toffee, berry pie with a graham cracker crust, lavender, and thyme honey with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, interesting, long creme brulee, nutskin, and minerals finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A fruity, juicy, easy drinking cabernet that is sure to be a hit.
Medium clear minutely hazy rubbed color. Funky aromas of light barnyard (but in a good way) with a bright, dry light-to-medium body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length nuts and raisin finish with fine tannins and light oak. A great funky red for cheeses and rustic fare.
Opaque garnet color. Bright, interesting aromas of chocolate nuts, spiced berries, and mocha with a oily, crisp, dryish medium-full body and a warming, medium-long blackberry tart, honey roasted nuts, cedar, and minerals finish with firm leafy tannins and moderate oak. A seriously structured cabernet built for the long haul.
Opaque garnet color. Rich, toasty, buttery aromas of toasted tomato focaccia and baked cherries with a even, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-long marinated beets and delicate herbs finish with silky tannins and light oak. A superbly savory red that will shine at the table.
Bright golden straw color. Bright, attractive, exotic fruity aromas of tropical fruit salad, orange blossoms, and melon balls with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a smooth, long pineapple, caramel apple, and toasted nuts finish with crunchy fruit tannins and moderate oak. A fantastically flavorful and refreshing chardonnay with exquisite balanced and style.
Dark violet color. Delicate, fruity, creamy aromas of berry custard pie and toast with a supple, tangy, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, carefree buttercream, spiced plums, eucalyptus, and caramelized carrot finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and a mouthwatering merlot that is sure to please.
Dark violet color. Bright, interesting aromas of berry tart, violets, spiced chocolate, and dried apricot with a glycerous, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-long marinated beets, blood orange custard, and spiced nuts finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A scrumptious shiraz that is sure to please.
Ruby black color. Lively, fruity aromas of huckleberry jam, candied violets, and bourbon barrel with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-full body and a warming, long toffee, mocha creme brulee, cedar, and minerals finish with silky chewy tannins and light oak. A superbly rich and flavor-packed old school zin with lots of stuffing.
Nearly opaque black violet color. Bold, spicy, herbal aromas of peppermint bark candy and blueberry cobbler with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-long creme brulee, pomegranate sorbet, mint syrup, and vanilla toffee finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A fun, fruity exotically flavorful zin.
Deep purple color. Nutty, toasty fruity aromas of berry custard pie, toffee, and spiced jerky with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a seamless, appealing, medium-long raspberries, honeyed nuts, and chocolate mint finish with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious, beautifully structured zinfandel.
Deep purple color. Delicate, attractive aromas of dried berries and hickory smoked bacon with a velvety, bright, fruity medium-full body and a sleek, elegant, long chocolate, marinated beets, sour cherries, and melon finish with well, integrated, chewy tannins and light oak. A plush and complex syrah with great depth, savoriness, and texture.
Nearly opaque dusty ruby color. Lively, attractive, creamy aromas of chocolate toffee, creme brulee, and delicate spices with a glycerous, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-long raspberry jam and dried cherries finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A textbook example of juicy, sensual zinfandel.
Bright medium golden straw color. Rich, oaky, fruity aromas of honey crisp apples, butter cream, vanilla bean, and toasted oak with an tangy, medium-full body and a warming, interesting, swift pineapple cake finish with woody, firm tannins and heavy oak. A sensationally smooth and flavorful chardonnay that drinks like a Chassagne Montrachet.
Gold color. Aromas of honey, golden raisin, and dried apricot with a silky, vibrant, fruity sweet medium body and a seamless, complex, medium-long candied citrus and spiced apple finish with no oak. A fabulously flavorful and well balanced dessert wine.
Clear color. Delicate, inviting, spicy aromas of Asian pear, watermelon, and anise cookie with a vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, subtle, medium-long sweet cream and delicate peppery spice finish. A silky, sensual sake.
Bright dark black garnet color. Lively, earthy, meaty aromas of berry soda bread, pickled watermelon rind, and beef bouillon with an oily, lively, dryish medium-full body and a tingling, medium-length chocolate berries and citrus peels, spice, nutskin, and cedar finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid Spanish wine with a funky, earthy edge that will excel at the table.
Nearly opaque dusty garnet color. Mature, attractive aromas of baked berries, melted chocolate, delicate spices and herbs, and tamari with a creamy, racy, dryish medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length dried sour cherry, blood orange, and chocolate craisins and nuts finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and heavy oak. A fantastically rich, vibrant, and nuanced mature Spanish red wine.
Gold color. Aromas of raspberry and earth with a satiny, vibrant, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a smooth, intricate, long finish. A remarkable pure and delicious fruit wine with great raspberry flavor.
Gold color. Aromas of chocolate wafer, peanut butter candy, and cassis jam with a glycerous, vibrant, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a seamless, distinctive, long menthol, spice, and toast finish. A rich brooding, fruit dessert wine for desserts or as a cocktail ingredient.
Bright pale straw green color. Delicate, toasty, minerally aromas of lemon curd, fresh brioche, and earth with an even, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-long citrus, delicate spice, sweet cream, and minerals finish with fine, crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A rock solid Champagne.
Garnet black color. Attractive, fruity spicy aromas of berry pastry, leather, buttercream, and oak with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, involved, long vanilla nuts, creme brulee, and minerals finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. An exceptionally rich and delicious cabernet franc.
Garnet black color. Rich, sweet, minty aromas of cassis, blue eucalyptus leaf, and white peppermint toffee with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, layered, long spiced berries, vanilla, and earth finish with silky tannins and light oak. A superb, supple, and satisfying Napa cabernet.
Garnet color. Aromas of honeyed cranberry bread toast, chocolate berries, and wood smoke with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, stimulating, medium-long blueberry cobbler, nougat, and spiced orange finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A toothsome, mouthwatering syrah that is very appetizing.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate berries, gherkin, eucalyptus honey, and sandalwood with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, elegant, medium-long vanilla cream, spices, craisins, and cocoa powder finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A powerfully delicious and complex cabernet franc.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, fruity, floral sweet aromas of black raspberries and violets with a satiny, vibrant, sweet medium-full body and a polished, complex, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Nearly opaque black ruby color. Delicate, fruity, nutty aromas of butter roasted nuts, dark berries, and chocolate toffee with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long blood orange, cedar bark, earth, and pepper finish with silky, fine, dusty tannins and light oak. An elegantly poised and delectable rioja that will be brilliant at the table.
Golden yellow color. Rich, tropical, buttery aromas of coconut buttercream, pineapple cake, and nougat with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, complex, spiced apples, lemon curd, kiwi, and melon finish with heavy oak. A big, oaky, creamy old school style Napa chardonnay.
Black violet color. Bright, fruity aromas of dried berries and cherries and sweet spicy nuts with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long blood orange marmalade, toffee, and toffee finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and light oak. A toothsome, mouthwatering zinfandel that is sure to please.
Deep purple color. Bright, fruity, nutty buttery aromas of fresh toffee, black raspberry pie a la mode, mocha latte, and honeyed raisin toast with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, intricate, very long caramelized fruits, vanilla spiced nuts, and cedar finish with silky, fine tannins and light oak. A ridiculously delicious and enticing zinfandel.
Violet color. Delicate, attractive aromas of nougat and mixed berry compote with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium body and a warming, refreshing, medium-length dried cherries, honey, vanilla praline, and cola finish with dusty tannins and light oak. A warming, nicely balanced claret style zinfandel.
Opaque black violet color. Lively, complex aromas of vanilla toffee, cassis tart, fancy olives, and baking spices with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, elegant, long spiced cherries, honeyed citrus, earth, and cedar finish with well-integrated, fine tannins and moderate oak. A voluptuous and delectable cabernet sauvignon.
Black garnet color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of roasted coconut, berry compote, and creme brulee with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long German chocolate cake, nuts, and eucalyptus finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A remarkable, rich, elegant and spicy show-style shiraz.
Garnet violet color. Rich, creamy aromas and flavors of berry custard pie, creme brulee, and chocolate toffee with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a silky, intricate, medium-long finish revealing notes of pencil shavings, cranberry sorbet, praline, and pepper with silky tannins and moderate oak. A great, appetizing red blend that is sure to please.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet black color. Rich, attractive aromas of blueberry chutney, blackberry danish, and eucalyptus honey with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, engaging, medium-long pomegranate, delicate herbs, and nuts finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A delightfully lively and engaging Spanish red.
Garnet color. Delicate aromas and flavors of dried cherries, hay, marinated tomatoes, and clay with a satiny, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshing, medium-length finish that shows impressions of nuts, pomegranate, grassy earth, and minerals. A spot on dry Chianti with precise balance for the table.
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Bold, lively aromas and flavors of black currants, tree bark, white pepper, and mulberries with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a warming finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A rich juicy syrah.
Bright light golden yellow color. Bright, complex, fruity aromas of mango custard, papaya, pineapple, and bread fruit with a glycerous, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, refreshing, snappy mint cream, tapioca, and nougat finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A sensationally vibrant and exotically flavorful chardonnay that captivates and rewards with each sip.
Golden straw color. Interesting aromas and flavors of pickling spices, kaffir lime, passionfruit, and curry leaf with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long finish with impressions of lemon sorbet and earth. An exotic white wine treat.
Light silvery straw color. Bold aromas and flavors of green pepper and honeyed grapefruit with a silky, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a complex, medium-long finish with notes of gherkin, guava, and passionfruit. A sensational vibrant and flavor-packed sauvignon blanc.
Light silvery straw color. Lively aromas of sweet peppers and grapefruit with a supple, dry-yet-fruity body and a tingling, medium-length Meyer lemon, gherkin, and pickling herbs finish. A vibrant and delicious sauvignon blanc with nice balance.
Pale silvery straw color. Bright, floral aromas and flavors of honeysuckle, apple sauce, and peach sorbet with a silky, tangy, off-dry medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long finish revealing nuances of sweet citrus and melon with no oak. A delicious, balanced, and not-too-sweet 'dessert' wine that is dry enough for entrees too.
Medium straw orange color. Attractive aromas and flavors of ripe nectarines, honeycrisp apples, key lime custard, and slate with a lightly tannic, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and an effortless, complex finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bronze brown color. Bright aromas and flavors of raisins, browns spices, and fruit cake with a satiny, lively, sweet medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, long finish with accents of orange marmalade, honey, and spiced apples with silky tannins and light oak. A sensationally vibrant and balanced PX Sherry.
Violet black color. Bright, toasty aromas and flavors of toffee, berry pie crust, black raspberry jam, and mocha cream with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, stimulating, medium-long finish imparting notes of dried cherry, baking spices, and toasted nuts with silky tannins. A rich, super juicy syrah that is sure to please.
Silvery straw color. Lively aromas of yellow apples, peaches, pear, and wet straw with a silky, vibrant, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, and buoyant grass and lime finish. A fun, earthy Prosecco for the table.
Golden yellow color. Bright, attractive aromas and flavors of honeyed apricot, suede, and toasted almond with a supple, lively, petillant, fruity sweet medium body and a seamless, complex, medium-long finish with notes of candied green apple and Meyer lemon sorbet. A zesty, mouthwatering dessert wine that is certain to please.
Silvery straw color. Delicate, yeasty aromas and flavors of fruity pastry dough, nougat, dried fruit, and honeyed rice cake with a silky, vibrant, fruity light-to-medium body and a medium-length finish that presents notes of creamy horchata, lime spritzed melon, and radish with no oak. A sensational elegant and flavorful kimoto sake.
Straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of waxy honeycomb, dates, and roasted apples with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshing, medium-length finish manifesting suggestions of lemon cream, grass, melon, and nectarine with fruit tannins and no oak. A spot on chenin with nice flavor and texture.
2013 Garnatxa, Priorat DOQ $18. Best Buy.
2012 Prior, Priorat DOQ $27.
Bright golden yellow color. Delicate, complex aromas of spiced citrus and apples, mint cookie, and nectarine with a silky, dry-yet-fruity body and a tingling, complex, blood orange, melon rind, tart green apple, and fuel-like minerals finish with no oak. A sensational, earthy white wine to pair with spicy seafood dishes.
Gold color. Delicate aromas and flavors of baked apple, nougat, and sautéed peaches with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy finish that presents accents of earth, melon, green apple, and fleur de sel. A fine, very subtle and delicious Old World white wine with a great umami note.
Silver pink color. Lively, attractive aromas and flavors of watermelon candy, white toffee, and delicate blossom with a silky, tangy, effervescent, fruity sweet medium body and a polished, delightful, carefree finish revealing notes of orange sorbet and green apples. A fun, flavorful, easy-drinking bubbly.
Bright dark ruby blue violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of ripe blackberries, licorice, hung game, and white pepper with a lightly tannic, tangy, dry full body and a warming, elegant finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright ruby color. Lively aromas and flavors of pomegranate sorbet, praline, cocoa, and delicate herbal bark with a silky, bright, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting finish with shades of tomato chutney, strawberry rhubarb jam, cucumber salad, and earth. A intriguing, purely flavored, well made fruit wine; try in cocktails or as an amaro of sorts too.
Opaque garnet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of black olives, leather, dried berries, and pickling spices with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and an even, intricate, medium-long finish manifesting accents of toffee, vanilla cream, baking spices, and earth with silky tannins and moderate oak. A delicious, vibrant, and balanced red blend for all occasions.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of melted chocolate, butter roasted nuts, berry custard pie, and schmaltz cookie with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, elegant, medium-long finish displaying touches of pencil shavings and spiced cherries with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A big, delicious, full-throttled cabernet with lots of distinctive, appealing layers of flavor.
Cloudy garnet black color. Mature aromas and flavors of prunes, honeyed craisins, dark chocolate, and blackberry vinaigrette with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an engaging, medium-long finish with notes of spiced apples, chocolate nuts, and cream with fine tannins. A delicious and plush well aged cabernet.
Garnet black color. Rich, exotic aromas and flavors of menthol mint, pomegranate chutney, eucalyptus, and chocolate plums with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish manifesting notes of nuts, caramelized carrot, earth, and mocha with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A dynamic and delicious merlot that will be great at the table with spicy meat dishes.
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Aromas and flavors of ripe mulberries, purple gummy bears, melba toast, and white pepper with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a peppery, complex, long finish with gritty tannins and moderate oak.
Opaque bright ruby blue violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of ripe blueberries, lovely charred oak, roasted mushrooms, and turned earth with a tannic, bright, dry full body and a sleek, epic, long finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Dark violet black color. Lively aromas and flavors of pistachio-sesame brittle and boysenberry custard pie with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, charming, medium-length finish manifesting elements of vanilla yogurt covered apricots and mangos, kiwi, and cocoa with silky tannins and light oak. A rich and appetizing red with excellent integration of flavor.
Dark ruby color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas and flavors of huckleberry jam, cherry sorbet, candied orange peels, and chocolate nougat bar with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a seamless, nuanced, medium-long finish displaying shades of potpourri, cherry-tomato jelly, dried mango, and fleur de sel with fine tannins and light oak. A captivating red with a unique range of exotic flavors.
Golden straw color. Rich, toasty aromas of grilled bread, caramelized pineapple and lemon, tapioca, and pepper jelly with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, medium-long roasted nuts, blood orange, and earth finish. A well-aged sparkler with lots of smoky subtlety and finesse.
Ruby color. Toasty aromas and flavors of chocolate graham crackers, spicy blackberry pie, nougat, and clay with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-long finish with notes of craisin, tomato relish, pencil shavings, and pepper with crunchy tannins and light oak. A seamless and appetizing red for all occasions.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Opaque bright dark garnet blue color. Attractive aromas and flavors of blackcurrants, dried twigs, gravel, and polished wood with a tannic, bright, dry body and a warming, interesting, swift finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Opaque bright dark garnet blue color. Complex, interesting, attractive aromas and flavors of red currant candy, sandalwood, oriental spices, and dried leaves in clay with a tannic, bright, dry full body and a mildly astringent, massive, long finish evoking nuances of mocha with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Dark black garnet color. Bright, attractive aromas and flavors of chocolate espresso bean, black raspberry cobbler, and baking spices with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a stimulating, medium-long finish with accents of creme brulee, craisin, pink pepper, and oak with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A seamlessly delicious red for all occasions.
Dark black ruby color. Delicate, toasty, attractive aromas and flavors of chocolate graham cracker, coconut macaroon, honeycomb, and berry pie with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, involved, medium-long finish that shows notes of dried cherries, creme brulee, and cedar with silky tannins and light oak. A plush, complex and thoroughly satisfying red blend.
Dark garnet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts, berry tart, and floral honeycomb with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, subtle, medium-long finish revealing notes of vanilla custard, baking spices, chocolate craisins, and nutskins with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and chewy red blend that will be great at the table.
Garnet black color. Interesting aromas and flavors of spices and herbs, currants, and dried flowers with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an intriguing, breezy finish with notes of candied citrus and cocoa with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A nice, zesty, lighter styled Napa cab.
Opaque ruby black color. Lively aromas and flavors of dried berries, toffee, and cedar with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and an amusing, medium-length finish evoking notes of creme brulee, spiced nuts, chocolate mousse, and mocha with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A versatile cabernet with great acidity and poise for sipping or the table.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate mint, pistachio nougat, toasty cedar, and blackberry tart with a silky, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, elegant, breezy finish revealing notes of chocolate citrus peel, lemon pepper, roasted nuts, and cedar with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A richly layered and very sturdy cab that will cover a lot of bases.
Opaque violet black color. Rich, toasty, creamy aromas of melted toffee, creme brulee, and spicy berry pie with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long cedar, cornichon, spicy honey, and peppery jelly finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A plush, delicious cabernet with lots of flavor.
Garnet black color. Bright, complex aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts, berry custard pie, buttercream, and toasted meringue with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, charming, medium-long finish with notes of nutskin, cedar, and earth with papery tannins and moderate oak. A firmly structured cab that needs a good steak or some time in the cellar.
Garnet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of cassis compote, chocolate nuts, and clay with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, distinctive, medium-length finish with nuances of craisin, vanilla, delicate spices, and nutskin with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A robust, yet elegant Napa cabernet.
Bright pale golden straw color. Delicate, fruity, toasty aromas of tropical fruit tart, dried apricot, and floral honey with a satiny, vibrant, off-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, involved, medium-length green apple and peach skin finish with fine fruit tannins and no oak. A fruity, crowd pleasing riesling with a satisfying honeyed character.
Medium bright golden yellow color. Bold, fruity, complex exotic aromas of blood orange zest, almond nut skins, yellow currant, and ripe gooseberry with a satiny, lively, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, long finish with soft tannins and light oak. Wonderful complex wine balancing out older flavors with fresh fruit notes.
Dark garnet color. Lively, interesting aromas of huckleberry custard and pickled carrot with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, elegant, medium-long praline and earth finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A vivaciously fruity and spicy cab franc that is sure to please.
Dark garnet color. Lively, interesting, spicy fruity aromas of mincemeat pie, caramelized bacon, toffee, and orange blossom honey with a creamy, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, intricate, medium-long creamy vanilla and spiced nuts finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A lively, delicious, and seamless cabernet that will be very versatile.
Medium bright garnet color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of berry chutney, chocolate nuts, and hint of bacon with a glycerous, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, layered, medium-long spiced watermelon, sandalwood, and nougat finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A seductively delicious red.
Ruby color. Aromas of gingerbread and berry pie filling with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long dried raspberries and cherries, baking spices, and pink pepper finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A rich powerhouse of a pinot.
Bright light salmon color. Delicate, fruity aromas of cranberry sauce and reduced lemon with a even, tangy, off-dry medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish with crunchy fruit tannins and no oak. A superbly flavorful and vibrant fruit wine with great purity and balance.
Garnet color. Bright, attractive aromas and flavors of huckleberry jam, candied lilac, and melted chocolate nut bar with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish displaying touches of blueberry pie a la mode and boysenberry sorbet with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A very tasty, fruity, and crowd pleasing malbec.
Light silvery straw color. Delicate, tropical aromas of guava, mango, and honey with a supple, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length green apple, peach, and lime sorbet finish with crunchy fruit tannins and no oak. A deliciously zesty and zippy riesling with great intensity and balance.
Golden yellow color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of pineapple yogurt and honeyed nuts with a satiny, lively, off-dry medium-to-full body and a graceful, complex, long roasted apples, dried peach, orange, and minerals finish. A delicious and robust late harvest style vidal with great acidity.
Medium dull bronze color. Earthy, floral aromas of baked dark berries with a silky, bright, dry light-to-medium body and a warming, mint and dark chocolate finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Nice bright fruit with fine tannins, well integrated oak, and classic Rioja style.
Brilliant golden straw color. Classic, fruity sweet aromas of golden raisins and honeyed apricots with a silky, tangy, fruity sweet medium body and a sleek, complex, medium-long tangerine sorbet and minerals finish with fine fruit tannins and no oak. A delicious, juicy dessert with lovely acidity.
Opaque garnet color. Delicate, toasty aromas of chocolate nut fudge, dried berries, and light brown spices with a oily, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, medium-long cassis pie, cedar, hazelnut nutskin, and minerals finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A powerful, fruit-driven yet slightly brooding cabernet that will reward patience.
Opaque violet color. Lively, fruity, minty spicy aromas of chocolate mint cookie, blueberry cobbler, and rich brown spices with a satiny, lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, intricate, medium-long açai, nutskin, and mocha cream finish with grippy tannins and moderate oak. An exotically spicy and minty cabernet.
Brilliant medium yellow straw color. Rich, earthy, fruity aromas of prom corsage and earth with a vibrant, dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, charming, medium-length lemon curd and toast finish with fruit tannins and light oak. Complex and nicely astringent on the finish.
Dark garnet color. Mild, fruity, toasty aromas of berry pastry and toffee with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, stimulating, medium-long floral honey and marinated beets finish with fine tannins and light oak. A zesty and satisfying pinot for all applications.
Minutely hazy dusty ruby color. Bright, savory aromas of marinated roast carrots and beets, dried cherries, toffee, and cola and herbs with a velvety, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, captivating, medium-long minerals, nuts, and spice finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A spot on savory RRV pinot with great table appeal.
Deep purple color. Delicate, fruity aromas of berry pie a la mode, pickling spices, and bouillon with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length black raspberries, praline, spices, and cedar finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and vibrant zin.
Ruby black color. Delicate, toasty, creamy aromas of dark roasted nuts and berry pie crust with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long minerals, dried sour cherries, delicate peppery spices, and beets finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and poised claret styled zin.
Indigo color. Delicate aromas of nut brittle and dark cherry pie with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length honeyed roasted root vegetables, mocha, and spice finish with moderate oak. A seamless and flavor-packed zin that is sure to please.
Violet color. Bright, fruity aromas of raisin compote, fig cookie, and dried raspberries with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long chocolate tangerine peels, spiced apples and cherries, delicate pepper, and mint finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A vibrant, zesty zinfandel that will sing at the table.
Violet color. Bold, sweet, spicy herbal aromas of honeyed blueberries, menthol-mint, and mocha toffee with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long berry pie, spiced watermelon, vanilla nuts, and eucalyptus finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A spicy tempranillo treat that is uniquely Australian.
Dark garnet black color. Aromas of ripe mulberries, plums, wood smoke, and white pepper with a chewy, vibrant, dry full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with fruit grippy tannins and moderate oak. big juicy, jazzy red with vibrant innate acidity, ample tannins shorten up the flavors.
Deep purple color. Rich, exotic, minty herbal aromas of eucalyptus, menthol mint, and blueberry pie with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, involved, medium-long spiced pomegranate and vanilla brittle finish with light oak. A spot on Barossa shiraz with tons of personality.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Lively, fruity aromas of blueberry cobbler, pickled watermelon, and dried sour cherries with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, long honey, nougat, and delicate peppery spice finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A juicy, fruit-bomb style syrah that is in your face with hedonic delight.
Bright medium garnet black color. Delicate, attractive aromas of berry tart and nut brittle with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long creme brulee and peppery spices finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A spot on juicy, peppery syrah with lots to offer.
Bright medium indigo color. Delicate, toasty, interesting aromas of roasted nuts, charcoal grilled berries and banana bread, and spiced nougat with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, elegant, medium-long blackberry pie, peppery spices, birch bark, and earth finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A robust, chewy syrah with deft use of oak.
Bright medium black ruby color. Delicate, nutty, fruity aromas of dark berry pie and macadamia gelato with a soft, lively, dryish medium body and a warming, medium-length cherries, chocolate nuts, roasted tomato, and cedar finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A tasty and refreshing syrah that will be very versatile.
Bright dark deep purple color. Lively, spicy aromas of spicy cherry chutney, pickled tomatoes, and crispy chicken skin with an oily, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, distinctive, medium-long alpine menthol mint, chocolate toffee, cedar, and mocha finish with silky tannins and light oak. Deliciously fruity and complex syrah that is sure to please.
Yellow color. aromas of fresh tropical fruit pastry and creme brulee with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long coconut cream, spiced apple, and earth finish with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious and satisfying White Rhone blend.
Indigo color. Lively, funky aromas of black raspberry jam and vanilla nougat with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, layered, medium-long dried blueberry, baking spices, pepper, and cedar finish with dusty, soft tannins and light oak. A textbook example of Napa cabernet with great fruit and structure.
Dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, waxy aromas of cherries, roasted nuts, and lightly polished wood with a silky, racy, dryish body and a complex, medium-length craisin, reduced lemon, marinated beets, and nuts finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and light oak. A racy, mouthwatering pinot that will be like a laser at the table.
Silvery emerald straw color. Delicate, interesting aromas of yams, cheese cake, dates, and yellow pepper with a satiny, bright, dryish medium body and a tingling, elegant, medium-length potato, jicama, and honeyed mushroom finish. A complex and engaging sake that will shine at the table.
Silvery straw color. Bright aromas of apple tart, rice candy, and melon with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long kiwi custard, nougat, radish, and sweet potato skin finish. A delicious and multifaceted sake.
Pale clear light bright straw color. Delicate, attractive, fruity toasty aromas of roasted almonds, peach tart, and fruit salad with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, subtle, medium-length lemonade, mossy earth, and olive finish with fruit, well-integrated, fine tannins and light oak. A lively and flavorful dry white wine that is sure to please.
Dark bright black garnet color. Bright, buttery, nutty aromas of roasted walnuts, blueberry pie crust, and lentil with an oily, vibrant, dryish medium body and a warming, medium-long craisins, delicate spice, and sandalwood finish with chewy, earthy tannins and moderate oak. A tangy, appetizing red with a great savory character.
Black garnet color. Bright, buttery aromas of almond brittle and berry tart with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, distinctive, medium-length chocolate, craisin, mocha nuts, and earth finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A silky, flavorful red that is a pleasure to drink.
Bright dark deep purple color. Lively, fruity, earthy aromas of chocolate, nuts, and dried cherry with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with well-integrated, firm, fruit tannins and moderate oak. A very tasty red blend that will cover a lot of bases pleasurably.
Bright medium gold color. Lively, fruity, waxy aromas of roasted pineapple, roasted yellow apples, dried straw - botrytis, and caramel with a supple, tangy, very sweet medium-to-full body and a graceful, long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright brilliant medium light gold color. Lively, fruity, waxy vinous aromas of spiced honey crisp apples, paraffin, lemon meringue pie -custard, and titch of white pepper with a supple, vibrant, sweet medium-full body and a sleek, long finish with fruit tannins.
Reddish orange color. Exotic, fruity floral aromas of pomegranate sorbet and honeysuckle and lavender with a satiny, lively, off-dry medium body and a sleek, engaging, medium-length clover honey, dried blueberry, and earth finish with silky, crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A delicious and pure sparkling dessert fruit wine.
Straw color. Aromas of citrus sorbet, peonies, and nectarine with a silky, tangy, effervescent, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long peaches, honey, and cream finish. A sensationally zesty and delicious Moscato d'Asti that is sure to please.
Garnet black color. Fruity, creamy aromas of brownie a la mode and raspberry pie with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length dried sour cherry, baking spices, toffee, and minerals finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A delicious, lively, and very hedonistic cab franc for all occasions.
Bright dark medium color. Oaky, attractive fruity toasty aromas of blackcurrants, castelvetrano olives, mocha, and turned earth with a lightly tannic, vibrant, dry full body and a warming, elegant, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Violet color. Bright, attractive, fruity aromas of mulberries and cassis, floral honey, and hint of barnyard hay with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a complex, medium-long craisin, nut, and herbs finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. An elegant and appetizing cabernet.
Black ruby color. Delicate, spicy aromas of chocolate mint cookie, fondue with berries, and jerky with a satiny, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, subtle, medium-long menthol mint, spice, nuts, and earth finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious, complex cabernet with great table appeal.
Deep purple color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of blueberry cobbler and milk chocolate bar with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, intriguing, medium-long spiced cherries and apples finish with silky tannins and light oak. A toothsome and satisfying malbec.
Garnet black color. Bright, attractive aromas of melted chocolate, roasted nuts, and berry pie with a satiny, vibrant, medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-long vanilla cream, spice, and oak finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A supple and inviting red blend.
Black ruby color. Attractive aromas of chocolate covered peanuts and berry cobbler with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long spiced cherries, cedar, and floral honey finish with crunchy, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious, broad-shouldered red that will be great with spicy meat dishes.
Yellow color. Aromas of pineapple custard, coconut milk, and white nougat bar with a satiny, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length ripe apple, delicate spice, and wheatgrass finish. A delicious, wonderfully fruity vidal blanc with great flavor and style.
Yellow color. Aromas of warm peach and apple pies and caramel yogurt with a vibrant, medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long spiced nuts, creme brulee, and tropical citrus finish with silky tannins and light oak. A rich and delicious Rhone styled white wine.
Dark black ruby color. Lively, oaky, fruity aromas of currant pastry, conditioned wood and leather, and vanilla toffee with a glycerous, vibrant, dryish medium-full body and a tingling, medium-long chocolate buttercream, earth, forest herbs, and pepper finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A robust, yet nuanced oak accented Napa cabernet with an earthy Old World streak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Dusty bright medium garnet black color. Bright, spicy aromas of dill pickle, toffee, dark berries in cream, and cedar incense with a soft, vibrant, dryish medium-full body and a warming, medium-long earth and nuts finish with fine, chewy tannins and moderate oak. An attractive red blend with lots of dimensions.
Bright medium light gold color. Lively, funky, grassy fruity aromas of dried kumquat, Everclear, dried straw, and lemon oil with a chewy, puckering, moderately sweet medium-full body and a peppery, short finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Opaque black garnet color. Bright aromas of chocolate berries and nuts and creme brulee with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, engaging, medium-length finish with fine tannins and light oak. A deliciously, juicy and hedonistic delight.
Emerald straw color. Bright, floral aromas of peony, lychee, and nougat with a satiny, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long spiced apple, marinated nectarines, and minerals finish with silky, fruit tannins and no oak. An elegant and intricate gewurztraminer with lots of appeal.
Bright straw color. Bright, fruity, tropical floral aromas of lychee, golden pineapple, mango, and lemongrass with a creamy, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, complex, long lychee, champagne mango, creek stone minerality, and yuzu finish with no tannins and no oak. The nose unfolds with layers of lychee, mango, lemongrass, saltwater toffee and creek stones that mirror on the opulent palate, flowing and layered with a long, complex, balanced finish that keeps going and going with lychee/mango/lemongrass.
Black garnet color. Bold, fruity, savory jammy aromas of black raspberry, leather, vanilla, and cherry compote with a tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long black raspberry, sweet leather, spiced walnuts, and preserved plum finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Think old vine zinfandel meets Cotes du Rhone with a pepper mill, this vibrant petite sirah over-delivers with layers of fruit and complexity, silky tannins and a chewy, satisfying texture.
Black garnet color. Lively, roasted, complex aromas of floral honeycomb, grilled nuts and peppers, and dark berry compote with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long creme brulee and earth finish with fine, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and mellow rioja with an interesting honey smoke character.
Yellow straw color. Bright, attractive, creamy aromas of creme brulee, pineapple upside down cake, and apple tart with a silky, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, captivating, medium-long praline and citrus gelato finish with soft tannins and light oak. A delicious, elegant, and beautifully balanced chardonnay.
Light gold color. Bright, roasted aromas of roasted nuts, grilled apples and pineapples, brown butter, and pickling spices with a satiny, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long caramelized citrus, vanilla toffee, and delicate spices finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A big, brawny chardonnay with lots of tangy fruit and complimentary spicy, smoky oak.
Golden yellow color. Fruity aromas of baked apples and pineapples, waxy honeycomb, and nut brittle with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, vanilla cream and spiced apples and lemons finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A lovely, flavorful, well oaked chardonnay.
Dark black garnet color. Jammy, fruity confected aromas of black raspberry, red velvet icing, candied violets, and spiced vanilla jam with a chewy, shy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, long dried cherry, black raspberry confection, vanilla bean, and black licorice finish with silky tannins and heavy oak. Dark, confectionary shop on the nose brings to mind berry, violet and mocha pastries that leads to an over the top, dark, jammy, briary palate with soft tannins and a fruit chewy finish.
Violet color. Bright, attractive, fruity aromas of black raspberries, chocolate, and roasted nuts with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long dried sour cherries and oranges, sweet marinated beets, and vanilla finish with silky, fine tannins and light oak. A delicious, mouthwatering zinfandel.
Violet color. Bright aromas of vanilla toffee and berry pie a la mode. with a velvety, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, appealing, medium-long sour cherry, chocolate craisin and lemon peel, and peppery spice finish with fine tannins and light oak. An zesty, hedonistic delight.
Deep purple color. Bright aromas of dark chocolate and berry tart with a satiny, vibrant, fruity body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length dried sour cherry, candied citrus peels, nuts, and prune finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A delicious and smooth, spot on zinfandel.
 Sustainable Farming 
 Sustainable Farming-Demeter Certified 
Silvery emerald straw color. Mild, interesting aromas of rice cake, honeyed peaches and apples, and toasted nut brittle with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, intricate, medium-long clementine, pickled melon, apple, and earth finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A superbly appetizing and nuanced pinot grigio.
 Organically Grown Grapes-Fair Trade Certified-Sustainable Agriculture 
Black ruby color. Bright, spicy, herbal aromas of berry tart, herbs, and eucalyptus honey with a velvety, tangy, fruity full body and an even, intricate, long dried cherries, chocolate toffee, menthol mint, and pepper finish with moderate oak. A explosively juicy and flavorful syrah.
Garnet black color. Delicate, attractive aromas of butter roasted nuts, dried berries, and brown spices with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length pomegranate compote, sour cherry, vanilla custard, and earth finish with well-integrated, crunchy tannins and light oak. A delicious and wonderfully structured cabernet franc.
Bright dark black ruby color. Bright, peppery, fruity aromas of berry chutney, beeswax candle, cedar bark, and ink with an even, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length vanilla toffee and salted nuts finish with well-integrated, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A savory, mouthwatering syrah that will shine at the table.
Brown brick red color. Delicate, peppery aromas of white peppercorn, oven dried tomatoes, and chestnut honey with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length toasty cedar, pickled peppers, and brown spices finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. An intriguing, very savory and spicy syrah that will be fun to pair with.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright black ruby color. Bright, spicy, fruity aromas of cassis chutney, dried cherries, spicy cornichon, and chocolate nuts with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length sweet marinated beets, cedar and clay, almond skin, and anise cream finish with fine, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and satisfying cabernet with nice layers of spice and fruit flavors.
Dark ruby steel gray color. Bright aromas and flavors of dried sour cherries, boysenberry cobbler, delicate spices, and praline with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, interesting, medium-length finish imparting elements of pickled beets, toffee, and blood orange with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious, well balanced pinot that will cover a lot of bases.
Ruby color. Toasty, inviting aromas and flavors of berry custard pie, melted toffee, and honeycomb with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a captivating, medium-length finish with notes of pomegranate, tomato, cedar, and nutskins with woody tannins. A vibrant, refreshing red that will shine at the table now, or cellar for a few years.
Garnet color. Aromas of suede, toasty praline, plum pie crust, and mocha with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, engaging, medium-long apple skin, vanilla nuts, cranberry, and cedar finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. An earthy. vibrant and well balanced red; give this time to open.
Ruby color. Bright aromas and flavors of baked cherries, herbs, spiced nuts, and leather with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long finish that exhibits accents of tomato and earth with dusty tannins and moderate oak. An appetizing Chianti that will be great at the table.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Rich, toasty, creamy aromas of pineapple cake, spiced apples, coconut yogurt, and sourdough toast with a creamy, tangy, dryish medium-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-length lemon gelato, roasted nut, earth, and spice finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid chardonnay with a nutty, honeyed oak flair.
Violet black color. Lively aromas and flavors of spiced berries and cherries, chocolate mint, and vanilla toffee with a chewy, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish revealing shades of cedar, herbs, peppery spices, and minerals with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A robust and balanced red blend.
Light ruby color. Delicate aromas and flavors of praline and baked strawberries with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length finish that shows overtones of honeyed spiced pear and ripe cherry. A seriously tasty, adult rose.
Golden yellow color. Rich aromas and flavors of baked mango, toasted coconut, papaya jam toast, and rubber sap with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length finish with touches of grilled Meyer lemon and green apple. A nice mature-styled pinot gris that seems very Alsatian.
Gold color. Rich aromas and flavors of pineapple cake, coconut cream, and peach with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-length finish with notes of yellow apple, delicate spiced nuts, melon, and pear. A very tasty and nuanced white blend that is sure to please.
Bright medium golden amber emerald color. Attractive aromas and flavors of ripe lychees, toffee, caramel apples, and clarified butter with a creamy, lively, very sweet medium-full body and a seamless, elaborate, very long finish with no tannins and no oak.
Opaque garnet violet black color. Complex aromas and flavors of cassis jam, pickled melon rind, dark chocolate, and dried blueberries with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long finish with notes of mocha, cedar, earth, and plum with firm tannins and heavy oak. A rich, brooding cabernet that needs time.
Bright medium ruby violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of black cherries, caramel, tree bark, and buttered toast with a lightly tannic, lively, dry-yet-fruity full body and a mildly astringent, charming, medium-length finish with firm tannins and light oak.
Opaque ruby black color. Bright, complex aromas of spicy berry tart, olive tapenade, and sandalwood incense with a silky, fruity medium body and a refreshing, medium-length eucalyptus, cherry sorbet, vanilla nuts, and earth finish. A deliciously layered and wonderfully balanced carmenere.
Garnet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of chocolate peanut, cherry cobbler, and coconut custard with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-long finish with accents of menthol mint, mocha nuts, pickled beet, and orange blossom honey with fine tannins and light oak. A sensational carmenere that is sure to please.
Garnet violet black color. Lively, earthy aromas of chocolate mousse, berry nut pasty, and baking spices with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a tingling, medium-length sour cherries, nuts, and earth finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A vibrant, chewy Rioja with great flavor and balance.
Yellow color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas and flavors of orange sorbet and banana pudding with a supple, tangy, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length finish imparting accents of honeyed apple and candied lemon zest. A very tasty off-dry bubbly.
Opaque bright garnet blue violet color. Inviting aromas and flavors of blackberries, dried violets, light toast, and subtle white pepper with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a complex finish with firm tannins and light oak.
Opaque garnet black color. Lively aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts, honeycomb, berry pie, and green peppercorns with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish with overtones of cedar plank, vanilla cream, and spiced nuts with earthy tannins and moderate oak. An attractive, brooding red blend for the cellar or a well marbled steak.
Garnet color. Bright aromas and flavors of berry pie, cocoa, and spice with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a compelling, medium-length finish with accents of watermelon, sandalwood, nuts, and earth with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A nicely balanced and flavorful blend.
Ruby color. Bright aromas and flavors of craisin, spiced nuts, mocha cream, and spiced meringue with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an interesting, medium-length finish with accents of toffee, nuts, and earth with chewy tannins. A rock solid cabernet.
Garnet violet color. Interesting aromas and flavors of fruit loops, chocolate mint, cranberry tart, and menthol tobacco with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a silky, appealing, medium-length finish evoking accents of craisin, peppery spices, and vanilla with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A delicious, spicy red blend with panache.
Dark garnet violet black color. Lively, toasty aromas and flavors of chocolate graham cracker, mocha, crusty black raspberry pie, and smoked nuts with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, refreshing, medium-length finish with accents of sundried tomato, nougat, and craisin with crunchy tannins and light oak. A savory and appetizing red that will shine at the table.
Ruby color. Interesting, spicy aromas and flavors of mocha, sarsaparilla, roasted nuts, and cranberry chutney with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an elegant, medium-length finish with notes of menthol tobacco, cedar, and vanilla craisins with well-integrated tannins and light oak. An exotic, earthy and spicy red that will be great with Mediterranean meat dishes.
Ruby color. Lively aromas and flavors of cranberry tart, chestnut toffee, green tomato relish, and incense with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, complex, medium-long finish manifesting notes of creme brulee, sandalwood, heirloom tomatoes, and fleur de sel with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A robust, earthy, and savory red that will be great with game dishes.
Silvery straw color. Bright, fruity aromas and flavors of grapefruit sorbet, lemon custard, and floral honey with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, interesting, medium-length finish that shows overtones of citrus peels, grass, and minerals with no oak. A delightful delicious and mouthwatering sauvignon blanc.
Garnet color. Bright aromas and flavors of berry chutney, chocolate nougat bar, and mocha with a silky, tangy, fruity body and a tingling, charming, medium-long finish that shows accents of sour cherry, nuts, vanilla, and Peppadew pepper with light oak. A robustly fruit, appetizing red.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Delicate aromas and flavors of black raspberry jam on rye, olive herb bread, and braised meat with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish with elements of roasted chestnuts, cedar, and marinated cucumber with silky tannins and light oak. A deliciously smooth, balanced and flavorful cabernet.
Opaque bright garnet blue violet color. Inviting, attractive, interesting aromas and flavors of subtle charred oak, spiced black currants, buttercream, and green peppercorns with a supple, vibrant, dry full body and a warming finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Opaque bright dark garnet blue color. Aromas and flavors of toast, blackberry-raspberry cobbler, buttercream, and mole with a lightly tannic, vibrant, dry full body and a mildly astringent, very complex, medium-long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet color. Rich, dense aromas and flavors of dried choke cherries, waxy honeycomb, and suede with a silky, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, captivating, medium-long finish with shades of spicy berry chutney, vanilla cream, nuts, and pencil shavings with earthy tannins and light oak. A tightly packed and juicy malbec with lots of character and dimension.
Garnet color. Lively, savory aromas and flavors of olives, craisin, and herbs with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, medium-long finish with notes of berry tart, chocolate blueberries, delicate spices, and roasted nuts with silky tannins and light oak. A smooth and well balanced red with great fruit and style.
Opaque garnet black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of coconut brittle and chocolate goji berry with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, delightful, medium-length finish with accents of plum custard pie, nuts, cocoa powder, and minerals with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A lovely well structured merlot.
Dark violet black color. Lively aromas and flavors of boysenberry pie, spiced nuts, and vanilla cream with a satiny, lively, body and a smooth, nuanced, medium-long finish with accents of vanilla toffee, roasted nut, and pepper with silky tannins. A lush, sensual red.
Dark garnet violet black color. Lively aromas and flavors of pistachio gelato, spiced plums, waxy honeycomb, and chocolate with a supple, bright, dryish medium body and a warming, breezy finish with notes of blueberry, pencil shavings, and pepper with light oak. A solid sipper.
Black garnet color. Creamy aromas and flavors of mocha, roasted nuts, and berry tart with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, layered, long finish imparting notes of chocolate bar, creme brulee, cedar, and earth with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious, sensuous red blend.
Bright dark blue violet color. Attractive, interesting aromas and flavors of blackcurrants, mocha, green spices, and dried meat with a supple, bright, dry full body and a warming, complex, long finish with notes of metal ore with well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of chocolate mousse, vanilla brittle, and cherry tart with a silky, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length honeyed melon, nutskin, spiced berries, and minerals finish with crunchy tannins. A very tasty, well structured and balanced red that will be great at the table.
Garnet violet black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of currant jam, creme brulee, and chocolate with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium body and a warming, layered, long finish with accents of dried fruits, spice, honeyed nuts, and pepper with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A lush, sensual cab.
Garnet violet black color. Rich, complex aromas and flavors of chocolate cherry fudge, menthol mint, and herbal honey with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with elements of strawberry tart, earth, and nuts with chewy tannins and moderate oak. Nice layers of fruit and herbs make this a pleasure to drink.
Opaque bright dark garnet blue color. Inviting, attractive, interesting aromas and flavors of ripe blackberries, cedar, dried straw, and light chocolate with a lightly tannic, bright, dry full body and a warming, very complex, medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark opaque garnet blue color. Attractive, complex, confected aromas and flavors of black raspberries, candied violets, bramble, and titch of pepper with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Pale bright gold color. Bright, creamy, fruity aromas of lemon custard, caramel apples, and mango pastry with a oily, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length spiced pineapple, lemon sorbet, and praline finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A superbly vibrant and complex chardonnay that is sure to please.
Pale gold color. Lively, creamy aromas of pineapple creme brulee, dulce du leche gelato, and spiced apples with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and an effortless, long finish with firm well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A vibrant and refreshing chardonnay that is sure to please.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Medium bright golden amber color. Delicate, toasty, fruity spicy aromas of vanilla nougat, spiced almonds, clarified butter, and white pepper with a supple, lively, sweet full body and a smooth, long finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Great wine to have at the end of a meal or on its own.
Dark garnet color. Bright, fruity aromas of craisins and raisins, chocolate toffee, and delicate spices and herbs with a oily, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long roasted golden beet, honey baked apple, and dolmades finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A great cabernet franc with lush fruit and oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of coconut macaroon, huckleberry pie, and nougat with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long black raspberry chutney, brown spices, candied ginger, and pepper finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A flavor packed fruit bomb, in the best sense of the phrase, that is sure to please.
Ruby color. Aromas of dried berries, cocoa, and pickling spices with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length pomegranates, sundried tomato, peppery spices, and cedar finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A brawny, oak accented red.
Ruby color. Aromas of dried cherries, chocolate, and creme brulee with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a complex, long berry pie, delicate spice, beet, and nutskin finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A bold zesty, spice and fruit forward pinot.
Bright light golden straw color. Bright, creamy aromas of kiwi custard and meringue with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, nuanced, medium-length coconut cream and starfruit finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A very clean and elegantly styled rousanne.
Clear dark bright violet color. Rich, toasty, fruity aromas of berry pie a la mode with a satiny, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, amusing, medium-length cranberry bread, melon rind, nougat, and minerals finish with fine chewy tannins and light oak. A fruity driven, very balanced red with great table appeal.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Medium bright golden yellow color. Delicate, interesting, toasty spicy aromas of key lime pie with a satiny, crisp, dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, brisk green apple finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A little like sauvignon blanc with all the corners knocked off, non-floral gewurz.
Bright light straw color. Lively, fruity, minerally aromas of stewed peaches, sea salt, apricot pits, and gravel with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A well made white.
Bright clear light straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of lemon custard tart, kiwi, and melon with a supple, vibrant, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length key lime, green apple, and mineral finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A very precise and vibrant Old World styled riesling that will be great at the table.
Dark violet color. Bright, interesting, citrusy aromas of powdered lemon, dark mulberries, and cracked pepper with a supple, crisp, petillant, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-length pencil shavings, nuts, black raspberry jam, and green peppercorn finish with fine tannins and light oak. A stylish and lively red that is sure to please.
Bright dark violet color. Fruity, toasty aromas of cream de cassis, damson plums, ripe cherries, and spiced sandalwood with a supple, bright, dry medium-full body and a seamless, medium-long finish with well integrated firm fruit tannins and light oak. A lovely layering of complex flavors.
Dark hazy black ruby color. Muted, herbal aromas of new mown hay with a tannic, crisp, dry medium body and a tingling, medium-length blackberry finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. Nice tight tannins and dark fruit.
Silvery emerald straw color. Attractive, alliaceous aromas of yellow pepper, grapefruit, and vidalia onion marmalade with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-long lemon and grass finish with no oak. A spot on sauvignon blanc with great vibrancy and mouthwatering acidity.
Opaque violet color. Bright, attractive aromas of pound cake with berry frosting and chocolate cherries with a soft, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, snappy vanilla cream, roasted nuts, and minerals finish with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious and crowd pleasing red that is sure to be a hit at parties or the table.
Black garnet color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of dried blackberries, chocolate nuts, and candied orange peels with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length sour cherry jam, herbal honey, craisins, and green apples finish with chewy crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A great chewy red with bright fruit, zesty acidity, and crunchy tannins.
Bright medium golden straw color. Bright, exotic, citrusy aromas of tropical fruits and strawberry shortcake with a soft, crisp, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, medium-long pineapple and papaya cream finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A delicious, charming, silky chardonnay.
Medium bright golden straw color. Bright, toasty, buttery fruity attractive aromas of roasted nuts, baked apples, and brown butter with a supple, bright, dry medium-full body and a seamless, medium-long praline and baked pineapple finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A tasty and balanced oak accented Napa chardonnay.
 Certified Organic 
Bright red color. Rich, attractive, fruity pure aromas of fresh cherry preserves on pound cake and honey gelato with a silky, tangy, petillant, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, engaging, medium-long cherry tart finish. A delicious and pure cherry wine with great bouncy acidity for food pairings.
Ruby black color. Toasty aromas of berry pie crust and butter pecan gelato with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-long sour cherry, craisin, apple skin, and marinated beets finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. A delicious and appetizing pinot with a nice sense of place.
Deep purple color. Delicate, spicy, fruity aromas of boysenberry pie, meringue, and delicate baking spices with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a warming, amusing, medium-length black raspberry jam, sweet cream, nutskin, and cedar finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A big, chewy age-worthy sangiovese that will be great with meat and pasta dishes.
Bright medium brilliant garnet color. Fruity, toasty aromas of baked black cherries, tobacco leaf, wood smoke, and anise with a supple, soft, full body and a polished, very long finish with fruit well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Ultra smooth, seamless red.
Garnet black color. Toasty aromas of coconut macaroon, berry pie a la mode, and toffee with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, medium-length meringue, roasted nuts, and pepper finish with fine chewy tannins and light oak. A spot on zin with great varietal character and a dry, lively finish.
Opaque black violet color. Rich, attractive aromas of rum balls and berry pie a la mode with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long spicy praline, cherries, nut fudge, and earth finish with crunchy dusty tannins and moderate oak. A nice combination of power and class.
Violet color. Fruity aromas of cranberry sauce, blueberries, and delicate spices and herbs with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, complex, medium-long roasted beets, menthol mint lozenge, nuts, and cornichon finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A complex and enticing grenache with lots of savory herbal character.
Garnet black color. Delicate, fruity aromas of raisin, toffee, and spiced cherries with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-long marinated beets and cocoa mint finish with silky tannins and light oak. A chewy, savory red blend that will excel at the table.
Bright medium clear black garnet color. Bright, fruity, floral spicy aromas of dried fruits and soda bread pastry with a oily, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, medium-long tart berries, spiced roasted root vegetables, peppery spices, and nuts finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. A nice structured shiraz with real aging potential.
Bright dark medium brown brick color. Fruity, earthy aromas of black cherries, caramel, blue flowers, and dried twigs with a supple, bright, medium-full body and a smooth, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated earthy tannins and moderate oak. Textbook carmenere and lovely restrained flavors that are well balanced.
Deep purple color. Bright, fruity, buttery aromas of dark berry jam, vanilla yogurt, and spiced nuts with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long blackberry and toffee finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious an rich petit verdot with comforting warmth.
Bright clear medium straw green color. Lively, fruity, creamy toasty nutty aromas of toasted hazelnuts, ripe yellow apples, butter cream, and delicate turned earth note with a supple, soft, dryish full body and a warming, long finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. Subtle balanced flavors come together nicely in an old world style (Meursault).
Ruby color. aromas of blueberry jam and toffee with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, layered, medium-long mocha gelato, cedar, and spice finish with silky tannins and light oak. A silky and delicious red that is sure to be a hit.
Bright medium deep purple color. Bright, attractive aromas of chocolate mousse, delicate spices, and berry tart with a tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length pomegranate sorbet finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A juicy, yet sturdy petite sirah built for long enjoyment.
Emerald straw color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of peach cobbler, dried apricot, and nougat with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a seamless, engaging, medium-long caramel apple and delicate spice finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A great lively marriage of fruit and delicate oak tones.
Emerald straw color. Rich, citrusy, herbal aromas of grapefruit and green pepper with a silky, vibrant, fruity light-to-medium body and a refreshing, medium-long sea salt and minerals finish with no oak. A great, zesty sauvignon blanc with loads of New Zealand character.
Dark ruby black color. Lively, piney, confected aromas of caramelized bacon, roasted nuts and berries, and herbal honey with a glycerous, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long vanilla, dried cherries and blueberries, beets, and orange finish with well-integrated, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nice savory zinfandel that will shine at the table.
Garnet black color. Rich, savory aromas of dried currant an citrus, olive tapenade, and polished wood with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, delightful, medium-long craisin and pickling spice finish with silky tannins and light oak. A supple and savory cabernet with lots of table appeal.
Bright medium light gold color. Delicate, oaky, fruity aromas of yellow apples, pan grillee, tree bark, and turned earth with an crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, charming, long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A robustly flavorful chardonnay.
Brilliant pale silvery emerald straw color. Bright, interesting aromas of spiced apple and pear, sweet potato, and pineapple yogurt with a satiny, crisp, fruity medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length carrot, honey cream, and radish finish. A crisp and refreshing sake that is sure to please.
Silvery straw color. Aromas of dried pear, spiced rhubarb, and creamy nougat with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, intricate, medium-length sweet potato skin, sweet cream, and minerals finish. A well made, nicely layered sake.
Brilliant silvery straw color. Bright, funky, spicy aromas of Asian pear, spicy apple custard, yams, and anise with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, intriguing, medium-length sweet cream, spiced pear, and starfruit finish. A rock solid, fruity sake that will cover a lot of bases.
Black ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas of chocolate covered berries with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshing, medium-length raspberry cobbler, smoked nuts, and creamy vanilla finish with fine, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A robust, flavor packed red that is sure to please.
Bright pale straw color. Interesting aromas of grilled peppers and pickled okra with an even, crisp, dryish medium body and a tingling, involved, medium-length melon rind, grapefruit rind, and minerals finish with crunchy, fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A snappy, wild and wooly sauvignon blanc.
Black ruby color. Delicate aromas of dried sour cherries and cocoa with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, refreshing, medium-length spiced nuts and earth finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and appetizing wine that will be quite versatile.
Garnet color. Aromas of honeycomb, olive, dried cherry, and leather with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, compelling, medium-length cedar, chocolate dried blueberries and nuts, and earth finish with earthy, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A complex, meaty, and layered red wine.
Dusty garnet color. Bright, fruity, creamy aromas of berry custard pie and chocolate cherries with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, compelling, medium-length caramelized beets and carrots, nuts, pepper, and slate finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A very tasty and well balanced zin that is sure to please.
Bright dark dusty ruby color. Bold, smoky, fruity spicy aromas of damsom plums, black raspberry butter cream, cedar planks, and oriental seven spice with a satiny, bright, dry full body and a graceful, long finish with well-integrated, fruit, fine, firm tannins and moderate oak.
$30.
 Sustainable Farming 
Pale light clear yellow straw color. Bold, interesting aromas of hot edamame, baked peaches, and pickled onion with a glycerous, bright, off-dry medium body and a smooth, nuanced, long honeyed melon, dried apricot, and flan finish. A delicious and layered mead with great flavors and textures.
Indigo color. Bright, fruity, herbal aromas of blueberry tart, fruit leather, and black olive with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, elegant, medium-long blood orange, chocolate nuts, cedar, and pickled pepper finish with crunchy, chewy tannins. A great combination of fruity and savory notes with refreshing acidity.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Lively, fruity, floral woody aromas of spiced raspberries, ripe plums, oriental spices, and sandal wood with a vibrant, dry medium-full body and a smooth, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Black ruby color. Bright, spicy, attractive aromas of pickling spices and berry chutney with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an effortless, charming, medium-long spiced yams and carrots and pencil shavings finish with silky tannins. A beautiful spicy cabernet that is sure to please.
Bright medium dark dusty garnet color. Toasty aromas of spiced blackcurrants, hung game, clarified butter, and cedar shavings with a chewy, bright, dry full body and a warming, intricate, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of mulberries, tangy blackcurrants, oriental spices, and gravel with a crisp, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with firm, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet black color. Bright, savory aromas of dried berries, leather, honeycomb, and nuts with a bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, engaging, medium-long cocoa, smoked peppercorns, oak, and earth finish with woody tannins and moderate oak. A rich, brooding cabernet that will reward cellaring.
Nearly opaque black garnet color. Bright, spicy aromas of blueberry cobbler and Mexican chocolate with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and a polished, delightful, medium-long spiced berries and vanilla cream finish with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious, juicy domestic carmenere that will be very versatile.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Delicate, earthy, fruity floral toasty aromas of black currants, raspberries, cedar/sandalwood, and dried violets with a lively, dry full body and a warming, long finish with fine, firm, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic ®, Certifed Organic, Organically Grown Grapes 
Ruby black color. Herbal, savory aromas of eucalyptus leaf, gherkin, and wild berries with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-length toffee, blueberry pastry, and vanilla cream finish with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious and complex cab with lots to offer.
Ruby black color. Delicate aromas of nuts, cornichon, and berry chutney with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, charming, medium-length oak, earth, vanilla, and eucalyptus finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins. A layered and nuanced cabernet that will reward moderate cellaring.
Deep purple color. Mild, attractive aromas of honeyed berries, chocolate graham crackers, and nuts with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, layered, medium-long pomegranate sorbet, vanilla cream, cedar, and herbs finish with chewy, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A rich and lively red blend with plenty of stuffing for the cellar.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Yellow color. Aromas of kiwi, green apple, spiced melon, and slate with a silky, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-long honeyed clementine and Meyer lemon finish with crunchy, fruit tannins. A superbly clean and flavorful seyval blanc with great varietal character and structure.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Muted, fruity, funky toasty earthy aromas of black currants, cedar, turned earth, and mocha with a vibrant, dry full body and a seamless, distinctive, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of olive, dried berries, forest floor, and honeycomb with a satiny, bright, dryish medium body and a graceful, intricate, medium-long cassis, nuts, and cocoa finish with well-integrated, fine tannins. A rich, earthy, and layered cabernet with great table appeal.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate toffee, blueberry tart, and floral honey with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a polished, complex, medium-long delicate spice, plum skin, and wet cedar finish with fine, well-integrated tannins and light oak. A supple, succulent syrah that is sure to satisfy.
Bright dark black garnet color. Delicate, fruity, nutty toasty aromas of chocolate berries and creamy mocha with a soft, lively, dryish medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long creamy vanilla and delicate spices finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and vibrant syrah.
Bright medium violet color. Bright, fruity aromas of chocolate covered berries and nuts and olive wood with a soft, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-length menthol mint and earth finish with fine, chewy tannins and moderate oak. Nice vibrancy and liveliness on the palate.
Nearly opaque garnet black color. Fruity, spicy aromas of fresh blueberry pie and peppery spices with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, compelling, medium-length spiced apples and blackberries finish with silky tannins and light oak. A wonderfully fruity and spicy shiraz that scream Clare valley.
Dusty ruby color. Delicate aromas of nuts, beeswax, berries on the bush, and oak with a supple, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a graceful, breezy craisins and pickling root vegetables finish with light oak. A wonderfully savory, zesty, and balanced Italian red.
Ruby color. Aromas of black raspberry, currant, vanilla, and black pepper with a soft, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long black cherry, plum, blackberry, and leather finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. This deep violet red manages to balance decadent amounts of dark fruit with just enough tannins, acidity and spice to keep everything in check and have you coming back for more and more and more.
Bright medium old gold color. Rich, fruity, sweet aromas of musky peaches, quince, and Meyer lemon custard with a silky, bright, sweet full body and an effortless, long finish.
Golden straw color. Aromas of apricot, almond, and suede with a satiny, crisp, sweet medium body and a graceful, complex, golden raisin and honeyed citrus finish. A great, refreshing dessert wine.
Deep purple color. Delicate, interesting, toasty buttery aromas of roasted nuts, berry pie crust, and brown butter with a supple, tangy, dryish medium body and an appealing, medium-length blood orange, apple skin, baking spices, and cedar finish with dusty tannins. A wonderfully balanced, elegant and layered red blend.
Dusty ruby black color. Fruity, jammy oaky spicy aromas of roast plum, toasty vanilla, cherry compote, and spiced orange zest with a bright, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-long cherry preserves, grilled orange, dried raspberry, and vanilla spice cake finish with medium, soft tannins and moderate oak. Bold and complex, the aromas and flavors range from rich, dried fruit to spice to vanilla to grilled orange with lightly chewy and satisfying tannins, exceptionally well-structured acidity and a finish that balances the fruit and spice.
Ruby black color. Fruity, creamy aromas of chocolate chip cookie and crusty berry pie with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a captivating, medium-length chocolate mousse, dried sour cherries, nutskin, and peppercorn finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A smooth and rich, chocolatey zinfandel in the classic hedonistic style.
Pink color. Aromas of grilled blood orange, crushed raspberries, cherry jam, and watermelon with a round, bright, dryish medium body and a silky, engaging, medium-length crushed cherry, strawberry mint lemonade, river rock, and dried herbs finish with no tannins and no oak. A most interesting rose with mineral and herbal notes that add a satisfying complexity to the potpourri of fruit.
Pink color. Aromas of cherry, strawberry, and lemon with a supple, vibrant, dryish medium body and a smooth, compelling, medium-long citrus and minerals finish with no oak. A great dry rosé in the Provence style.
Pink coral color. Fruity, inviting aromas of strawberries in cream and white chocolate brittle with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long flan, toasted nuts, and watermelon rind finish with fine, silky tannins and light oak. A wonderfully flavorful and balanced dry rose that is very reminiscent of Provence.
Yellow color. Aromas of passion fruit, peach, creek stone, and ginger with a round, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a sleek, complex, medium-long passion fruit, peach, ginger, and creek stone finish with no tannins and no oak. Delicious, thirst quenching and floral passion fruit from nose to body to finish with accents of minerality, ginger and peaches - a real treat to enjoy.
Bright golden yellow color. Bright, tropical aromas of roasted pineapples, spiced apples, and praline with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and a seamless, refreshing, medium-long creamy vanilla, roasted nuts, and lime curd finish with fine, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A plush, deliciously flavorful chardonnay.
Straw green color. Bright, toasty, oaky aromas of roasted pineapple and nuts, toasted coconut, and banana cake with a bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length praline and lemon-kiwi sorbet finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A flavor-packed well oaked chardonnay.
Golden straw color. Bright, toasty, tropical aromas of coconut and pineapple guava tart with a satiny, bright, fruity medium body and an effortless, interesting, medium-length vanilla tapioca and tropical fruit salad finish with light oak. A creamy, decadently tropical chardonnay.
Bright medium golden yellow color. Lively, funky, fruity tropical toasty aromas of honeycrisp apples, popcorn butter, toasted yeast, and ripe pineapple with a bright, dryish full body and a warming, complex, fast finish with fine, firm, fruit tannins and light oak.
Garnet black color. Bright, fruity, attractive aromas of black raspberry tart, vanilla nuts, and clay with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and a graceful, refreshing, medium-length caramel cream finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. An elegant, penetrating zinfandel.
 Sustainable Farming-Demeter Certified 
 Sustainable Farming-Demeter Certified 
$13.99. Best Buy.
 Organically Grown Grapes-Fair Trade Certified-Sustainable Agriculture 
 Organically Grown Grapes-Fair Trade Certified-Sustainable Agriculture 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Black ruby color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of creme brulee, cedar, and blackberry pie with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and an effortless, charming, medium-long nut brittle, exotic spices, cranberry relish, and cedar finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A vibrant, well structured red that will be even better in a few years.
Black garnet color. Delicate aromas of caramelized nuts and spiced berries with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length melted chocolate, gherkin, and marinated beets finish with silky tannins and light oak. A rich, round, and savory syrah that is sure to please.
Bright medium brick red color. Rich aromas of spiced dark cherries, ripe blackberry, chestnuts, and black pepper with a crisp, dry full body and a peppery, nuanced, medium-long finish with firm, papery, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright yellow straw color. Lively, fruity, floral confected tropical aromas of candied golden pineapple, vanilla soaked tropical fruit salsa, lemon curd, and yellow flowers with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long dried pineapple, champagne mango, preserved Meyer lemon, and passion fruit puree finish with no tannins and no oak. Textbook moscato certain to pleasure the novice and connoisseur alike with exceptionally well balanced exotic fruit, preserved citrus, fine bubbles and honey sweetness that is perfectly balanced with sweet lemon.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright light garnet color. Delicate, interesting aromas of cherries and cranberries stewing in a clay pot and whole pistachios with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length blood orange, melon, and slate finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A crisp, nicely balanced, lighter styled red wine, made from an obscure Rhone grape, that will sing at the table with a wide variety of foods.
Opaque garnet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of toasty praline, cassis tart, and hint of bacon with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, refreshing, medium-length finish evoking overtones of berry compote, citrus marmalade, smoked nuts, and peppered beets with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A nice, flavor compacted cabernet.
Silvery straw color. Aromas and flavors of grapefruit, lime, yellow pepper, and honey with a tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a polished, charming, medium-length finish with no oak. A juicy, delicious sauvignon blanc that is sure to please.
Bright brick red blue violet color. Aromas and flavors of black cherries, cranberry bread, ripe rhubarb, and cream with a lightly tannic, lively, dry full body and an effortless, very complex, long finish with fine tannins.
Garnet black color. Creamy, interesting aromas of baked berries, melted chocolate, and coconut macaroon with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a polished, medium-long raisin cake, savory sundried tomato preserves, and creamy vanilla finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A really fun and very distinctively flavorful red wine that is a pure pleasure to drink and explore.
Ruby brick red color. Lively, fruity aromas and flavors of dried berries, sour cherry pie, and sweet beet relish with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish imparting nuances of creme brulee, toasted nuts, blood orange, and pink pepper with silky tannins and light oak. A very tasty and mouthwatering red.
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Inviting, bright, lively aromas of ripe blackberries, dried beef jerky, violets, and white pepper with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-long mocha, pencil shavings, and cranberry finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Silvery straw color. Attractive, bright, creamy aromas and flavors of apple custard tart and tropical fruit salad with a silky, vibrant, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, breezy finish evoking accents of banana custard, delicate spice, and pineapple sorbet with crunchy tannins. A delicious and zesty white sipper.
Silver color. Bright aromas and flavors of peach chutney and fruit salad with a silky, vibrant, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish with suggestions of spiced apples, Meyer lemon, and melon. A very tasty and balanced pinot gris.
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of black currants, damsom plums, creme de cassis, and toasted walnuts with a chewy, puckering, dry full body and a warming, complex finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Yellow color. Rich aromas and flavors of gooseberry jam on toasted scone, pineapple-mango-papaya relish, and honeyed grapefruit with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a smooth, subtle, medium-length finish with nuances of tropical fruit medley and spiced melon. A delicious, fume blanc style sauvignon.
Deep amber color. Bright aromas and flavors of honeyed peach, praline, and mocha with a silky, vibrant, fruity sweet medium body and a seamless, captivating, medium-length finish with impressions of cherry preserves, honey, and delicate spice with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious dessert Sherry.
Garnet violet color. Bright aromas and flavors of spiced berries, chocolate mint, and hint of caramelized bacon with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a seamless, charming, medium-length finish that presents suggestions of vanilla cream, cherry, smoked nut, and baked apple with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A nicely polished cab.
Bright pale golden straw color. Aromas and flavors of roasted red delicious apples, coconut milk, bitter lemon, and pan grille with a lightly tannic, lively, dry-yet-fruity full body and a peppery, charming, medium-length finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Pale silvery straw color. Delicate aromas and flavors of fruit custard pastry with a soft, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy finish that exhibits notes of kiwi, melon, apple, and minerals. A delicious and stylish Prosecco.
Silvery straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of light tropical fruit and nougat with a satiny, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-length finish with notes of green apples, lemon, and peach skin. A sensational, juicy Prosecco.
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Attractive, smoky aromas and flavors of ripe black fruits, penetrating smoky black berries, black olives, and black pepper with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Clear platinum color. Bright, fruity aromas and flavors of Asian pear, anise, and honeydew melon with a silky, bright, fruity body and a tingling, medium-length finish that shows notes of honeyed apples and pears, rice powder, and meringue. A vibrant, fruity junmai with a lot of ethereal qualities reminiscent of a daiginjo.
 Certified Organic 
Violet black color. Interesting aromas and flavors of spiced berries and mint jelly on raisin toast with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, buoyant finish that shows notes of cherry, cedar, pepper spices, and praline with dusty tannins and light oak. A rock solid, well made, and highly enjoyable malbec that gets better with time.
Ruby color. Mild aromas and flavors of beeswax, olives, suede, and dried cassis with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and an appealing, medium-length finish manifesting accents of menthol tobacco, chocolate mint, pomegranate, and nutskin with well-integrated tannins. A very tasty and appetizing cabernet.
Garnet color. Rich aromas and flavors of coconut custard, spiced cherries, dried apricot, and buttery nuts with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a stimulating, medium-length finish evoking suggestions of chocolate craisin and vanilla toffee with chewy tannins. A lush, chewy, appetizing Rioja.
Silver pink color. Attractive aromas and flavors of wild strawberry sorbet, cranberry sauce, and watermelon with an effervescent, fruity sweet medium body and a graceful, delightful, cheery finish displaying notes of orange blossoms and honeyed apples. A very tasty and refreshing rosé bubbly.
Golden yellow color. Bright, attractive aromas and flavors of coconut macaroon and lemon bar with a supple, lively, effervescent, fruity medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-long finish that exhibits impressions of kiwi and meringue. A tasty, flavor packed sparkler that is sure to please.
Gold color. Delicate, toasty aromas and flavors of brioche, baked apple, and praline with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, interesting, medium-long finish revealing accents of Meyer lemon, nectarine, and cream. A delicious and vivacious sparkler that tastes a lot like a nice, non-vintage Champagne.
Golden straw color. Mild aromas and flavors of fruit custard pastry, apples, and golden raisins with a supple, lively, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length finish imparting accents of spiced orange and pear and mineral. A nice, mouthwatering dessert wine.
Garnet violet color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate rice bar, dried berries, and beeswax candle with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a layered finish imparting elements of mocha and apple skin. A nice, warm and juicy cabernet with distinctive aromatics.
Garnet violet color. Rich aromas and flavors of spiced berries, honeyed pastry, and cocoa with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish that exhibits notes of dried blueberries, melon, apple, and earth with chewy tannins. A tasty, lively cab that will cover a lot of bases.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of baked berries and tomatoes, chocolate toffee, plum sauce, and olives with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and a charming, medium-length finish with notes of berry pie, potter's clay, and chocolate mint with moderate oak. A savory, slightly rustic, merlot with interesting twists and turns.
Copper bright blue violet dark color. Interesting aromas and flavors of blackcurrants, huckleberries, and wood smoke with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a mildly astringent, medium-length finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas and flavors of vanilla toffee and spicy cherry tart with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length finish evoking accents of borscht, strawberry preserves, and kiwi with silky tannins and light oak. A smooth, delicious and elegant pinot noir that is sure to please.
Garnet black color. Interesting, floral aromas and flavors of chocolate sesame candy, sandalwood, floral honeycomb, and mulberries with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, involved, medium-long finish displaying elements of salted nuts, herbs, craisin, and cocoa with silky tannins and light oak. A stylish and appetizing red blend.
Ruby garnet color. Attractive, delicate aromas and flavors of honeyed cherries, dried flowers, white mint toffee, and delicate pickling spices with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish with notes of chocolate covered orange peels, nuts, and earth with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A zesty, very tasty pinot that is sure to please.
Straw color. Bright aromas of powdered citrus, nectarine, jasmine, and thyme with a silky, crisp, fruity body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length gooseberry, lime curd, minerals, and honeycomb finish. A nicely nuanced white blend with a lovely range of flavors.
Dark ruby black color. Bright aromas and flavors of roasted berries, waxy honeycomb, and chocolate graham crackers with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an intriguing, medium-long finish that shows notes of minerals and cedar with silky tannins and light oak. An elegant and polished cabernet franc.
Golden silver color. Delicate aromas and flavors of peach, nuts, and lanolin lotion with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a warming, appealing, medium-length finish that presents notes of apple, lemon ice, and minerals with light oak. A nicely structured viognier with fine balance.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Dark ruby black color. Bright, toasty aromas and flavors of roasted coffee and berry pie crust with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish that exhibits notes of vanilla cream, delicate spice, and nuts with silky tannins and light oak. A very smooth and flavorful red.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of pencil shavings, red berries, and roasted peppers with a supple, bright, dryish medium body and an engaging, medium-length finish with accents of craisin with chewy tannins and moderate oak. An elegantly styled Carmenère that will be great at the table.
Opaque bright dark garnet blue color. Complex, earthy, inviting, interesting aromas and flavors of cassis, cedar, gravel, and polished wood with a lightly tannic, vibrant, dry medium-full body and a warming, massive finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet black color. Interesting aromas and flavors of whole wheat flour, mixed berry preserves, and sesame candy with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length finish revealing accents of blueberry and blackberry sorbets and dried cherry with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious, chewy cabernet that is sure to please.
Violet color. Bright, fruity aromas and flavors of boysenberry custard, honeyed cherries, and toffee with a supple, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, stimulating, medium-length finish with shades of nuts, baking spices, and pencil shavings with crunchy tannins and light oak. A very nice juicy malbec with good structure for the table.
Dark garnet violet color. Bright, interesting, savory aromas and flavors of marinated olives and peppers, dried berries, and toffee with a supple, vibrant, medium body and a silky, complex, medium-long finish that exhibits notes of sour cherries, citrus, and nougat with silky tannins and light oak. A charming merlot that hits all of the high notes.
Opaque garnet violet black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of berry tart, mocha cream, and nougat with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, appealing, medium-length finish with notes of tomato and olive, chocolate citrus peel, cedar, and dusty earth with chewy tannins and light oak. A nice sturdy, savory red for the table.
Garnet violet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of black raspberry in cream, chocolate nougat bar, and delicate spice with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, medium-length finish with notes of sour cherry tart, honeyed citrus, nutskin, and pepper jelly with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A robust fruit-driven red that is sure to please.
Opaque violet black color. Rich, creamy aromas and flavors of boysenberry custard pie, chocolate toffee, and dried cherries and mango with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-length finish manifesting notes of vanilla nuts, cedar, and minerals with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A rich, dense red with lots of layers and nuance.
Opaque dark violet black color. Rich, toasty aromas and flavors of chocolate coconut bar, buttercream, banana cream pie, and cedar with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, charming, medium-long finish manifesting nuances of berry tart, roasted nuts, and mocha with silky tannins and moderate oak. A very hedonistic and layered red that delivers fruity, oaky goodness.
Dark ruby black color. Delicate, earthy aromas and flavors of lit beeswax candle, marinated olives, chocolate nuts, and pomegranate with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, compelling, medium-long finish with accents of leather, dried sour cherries, spice, and tar with dusty tannins and light oak. A nice earthy cabernet franc for the table.
Opaque bright dark garnet blue color. Complex, attractive, interesting aromas and flavors of creme de cassis, candied violets, gravel dusted cedar, and dried eucalyptus with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a warming, colossal, medium-length finish with firm tannins and heavy oak.
Ruby black color. Delicate aromas of honeycomb, dried berries, and roasted nuts with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, refreshing, medium-length cedar, strawberry preserves, minerals, and nutskin finish. A nice juicy pinot that is sure to please.
Golden straw color. Attractive aromas of honeyed melon, kiwi, and praline with a silky, lively, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length lemon cream pie, pineapple, golden apple, and cream finish with light oak. A delicious and vibrant chardonnay with great purity, balance and charm.
Bright clear light golden straw color. Delicate, nutty aromas of walnut, pineapple custard, and lemon zest with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long honeyed pineapple, peach, and lemon curd finish with silky fruit tannins and light oak. A delicious and appetizing chardonnay that will be very versatile.
Clear pale brilliant golden straw color. Bright, interesting aromas of pineapple upside down cake, lemon curd, mint tea, and Meyer lemons with a silky, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, elegant, medium-long finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. A round and inviting chardonnay with zesty acidity for the table.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Medium dark brick red color. Bold, fruity, sweet attractive aromas of strawberry tart, molasses, sultanas, and mince meat with a supple, lively, sweet full body and a graceful, very long finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. Rich and balanced, meditate over this on its own.
Dark garnet color. Rich, fruity, floral aromas of spiced apples and raspberries, violets, pomegranate sorbet, and creamy oak with a silky, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, complex, medium-long cherry chutney, custard, nuts, and pencil shaving finish with silky tannins and light oak. A mouthwateringly delicious and versatile red that is sure to please.
Bright dark violet color. Fruity, savory buttery aromas of dark wine gums, blackberry cobbler, elephant hide, and dried twigs with a supple, crisp, dry full body and a warming, long finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. Nice, big integrated flavors.
Violet color. Aromas of red champagne grapes, maraschino cherry, and pistachio gelato with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a tingling, compelling, medium-length marzipan, blueberry compote, and spice rubbed meat finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A fun, fruity, and refreshing flavor-packed Norton that will be a phenomenal bbq wine.
Dark garnet black color. Bold, fruity, toasty aromas of dried cherries, mulberries, and peppered chocolate with a glycerous, vibrant, dryish medium-full body and a warming, subtle, medium-long vanilla cream and delicate baking spices finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A robustly flavorful and sleek red blend.
Bright light ruby color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of honeyed cherries, praline, and spiced melon with a lightly tannic, lively, dryish medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length roasted nut, cranberries, and earth finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A nicely nuanced and flavorful pinot with an elegant balance.
Dark opaque violet color. Bright, floral, fruity attractive aromas of baked cherries and boysenberries, waxy honeycomb, coconut cream, and pepper dust with a glycerous, lively, dryish medium-full body and a warming, complex, roasted nuts, leather, and earth finish with earthy dusty tannins and moderate oak. A nice chewy syrah for the table; give this a bit of time.
Light straw color. Rich, fruity, floral aromas of exotic tropical citrus and pickled melon with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-length banana cream, yellow apple, and nectarine finish with fine tannins and light oak. A lovely, spicy viognier that is sure to please.
Dark ruby color. Bold, pure, fruity aromas of raspberry preserves and raisin toast with a soft, lively, fruity sweet medium body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length melon rind, blood orange, and mulberry finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A delicious, pure, and well balanced fruit wine that will be great with cheeses; or try in a sparkling cocktail.
Emerald straw color. Bright, inviting aromas of tropical fruit salad, waxy honeycomb, and nougat with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length citrus, melon, and minerals finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A serious structured white that will be great with seafood.
Brilliant pale silver color. Mild, fruity, nutty tropical aromas of dried citrus, nougat, and guanabana with a silky, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, interesting, medium-length lemon and green apple finish with no oak. A delightfully pure and refreshing riesling.
Medium pale clear bright gold color. Spicy, herbal classic interesting aromas of spice/nutmeg and dried flowers with a soft, dryish light body and a warming, atypical, medium-length pie crust finish with fine tannins and light oak. Pushes the sauvignon blanc standard, unusual but tasty.
Brilliant white gold color. Floral, fruity aromas of lilacs, honeyed peaches, and spiced apples with a supple, tangy, off-dry light-to-medium body and a sleek, captivating, medium-length pineapple, mango, and tangerine finish with no oak. A pure and mouthwatering vidal for sipping or the table.
Emerald straw color. Mild, fruity aromas of tropical citrus, honey Greek yogurt, dried peach, and grape leaves with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, charming, medium-length golden apple, lemon curd, nuts, and earth finish with no oak. A nicely nuanced viognier with great varietal character.
Dark violet color. Bright, spicy, interesting aromas of fruit compote, prickly pear juice, and aloe with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long huckleberry custard, spicy nut brittle, and pencil shavings finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and finely structured carmenere with a nice sense of the land.
Opaque dark violet color. Delicate, exotic, complex aromas of malted chocolate cereal, graham cracker cherry pie, dried peach, and leather and whisky barrel with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long clay, pencil shavings, and pomegranate custard finish with silky tannins and light oak. A flavor packed merlot with an exotic flair.
Dark violet color. Rich, fruity, toasty aromas of ripe mulberries, powdered black cherries, vanilla butter cream, and fresh green cardamom with a supple, vibrant, dry medium-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated tannins and light oak. Well made blend with nicely integrated flavors.
Dark dusty black garnet color. Mild, oaky, smoky aromas of wood with a velvety, vibrant, dry medium body and a tingling, medium-length red raspberry and vanilla finish with soft tannins and moderate oak. Easy drinking for an alicante, nicely made.
Bright medium gold color. Lively, fruity, toasty aromas of pineapple cake and spiced apples with a silky, lively, fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long vanilla cream and praline finish with fine tannins and light oak. A deliciously satisfying, lightly oaked chardonnay with a rich core of fruit.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Violet color. Bright, attractive aromas of candied lavender, blueberry cobbler, vanilla cream puff, and pistachio gelato with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length sour cherry, nougat, cedar, and pepper finish with chewy dusty tannins and moderate oak. A spicy, juicy red Rhone blend that will be great at the table.
Medium clear deep purple color. Mild, fruity, toasty peppery aromas of blueberry jam on light toast, eucalyptus, and chocolate mint with a crisp, dry medium body and a warming, engaging, medium-length cassis, plum butter, and cedar finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Nice spice with a bite, a Saturday night wine.
Dark violet color. Bright, creamy aromas of boysenberry custard pie, mexican chocolate, and pink pepper with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-long vanilla cream, pickling spices, and nuts finish with earthy tannins and moderate oak. A nice juicy shiraz that will cover a lot of bases.
Bright medium clear burnt sienna color. Fruity aromas of black cherries, violets, mocha cream, and dried twigs with a supple, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and light oak. Lovely fruit oak integration.
Brilliant violet color. Delicate, fruity aromas of cherry custard, raspberry pastry, and pepper with a supple, tangy, dryish medium body and a warming, engaging, medium-length sour cherry, nutskin, beets, and earth finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and light oak. A nice savory pinot noir for lighter meat dishes.
Ruby black color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of ripe cherries, honeysuckle, and chocolate graham crackers with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length plum skin, caramelized carrot, and smoked nuts finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A very nice dry and earthy pinot with mouthwatering acidity.
Garnet color. Delicate aromas of dark cherry, pickling spices, and nuts with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an refreshing, medium-length pickled beets and earth finish with fine chewy tannins and light oak. A very tasty, savory pinot noir.
Ruby color. Toasty, interesting fruity aromas of mocha, chocolate berry torte, and spiced whipped cream with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and an effortless, intriguing, medium-long nutskin finish with silky tannins. A rich, juicy zin with a nice chewy finish.
Garnet black color. Delicate, buttery aromas of nut brittle, apple-berry pie, and cocoa with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length sweet cream and peppered beets finish with light oak. A nice easy-drinking and well balanced zin.
Nearly opaque black violet color. Delicate, toasty aromas of roasted nuts and dark berry pie with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length spiced cherries and apples, creme brulee, and minerals finish with well integrated chewy tannins and light oak. A very nice, zesty, chewy zin.
Clear medium ruby black color. Lively, attractive aromas of cashew nougat and spicy cherry pie with a even, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, interesting, medium-length toasted meringue, tart raspberries, mocha cream, and minerals finish with well integrated crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A pure, nicely balanced zinfandel with zesty table friendly acidity.
Ruby black color. Lively, interesting, fruity aromas of raspberry jam, orange blossoms, and hint of anchovy with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long plum, creme brulee, and pepper finish with silky tannins and light oak. A nice fruity zin with lots of backbone.
Nearly opaque black violet color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of toffee and black raspberry torte with a silky, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long spiced nuts, herb roasted root vegetables, pomegranate, and bacon finish with well integrated tannins. A supple, enticingly dry red blend that will pair well at the table.
Deep purple color. Bright, fruity, spicy herbal aromas of cracked pepper, cherries, and sandalwood incense with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length toasted herbs, dark berries, spice, and oak finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A fine, chewy merlot with lots of zesty character.
Deep purple color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of berry pastry and creme brulee with a satiny, lively, fruity medium body and a warming, delightful, medium-length berry compote, mocha toffee, and delicate spices finish with well integrated tannins. A rich and mouthwatering red that will be great at the table.
Bright pale light pink coral color. Lively, exotic, herbal fruity aromas of pickled watermelon and beets, cherry bubblegum, and red grape sorbet with a satiny, vibrant, off-dry medium body and a tingling, medium-length nutskin and minerals finish with crunchy fruit tannins and no oak. A uniquely spicy, tangy, and fruity rose that will be fun to pair with.
Bright clear medium straw green color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of roasted pineapple, honeycrisp apples, delicate green herb - menthol, and spearmint gum dust and a bit of toast with a supple, bright, dryish medium-full body and a polished, long finish with well integrated fruit tannins and light oak. Delicate subtle balanced flavors keep coming at you, a nice hedonic persistence.
Yellow color. aromas of peach custard pie and white chocolate toffee with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, compelling, medium-long pineapple cream, delicate spice, and pepper finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A wonderfully vibrant and well balanced oak accented white Rhone blend.
Brilliant golden straw color. Lively, fruity, toasty aromas of apricot jam and coconut macaroon with a soft, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, complex, medium-length pineapple custard, white chocolate toffee, mango-papaya relish, and sweet herbs finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A very lively tropical white wine that is sure to please.
Straw color. Attractive aromas of caramelized peaches and coconut custard pie with a satiny, bright, off-dry medium-to-full body and a graceful, appealing, medium-length lemon gelato, key lime pie, and pineapple finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A wonderfully creamy, tropically fruity, and sensual viognier.
Bright medium brick red color. Fruity, attractive woody aromas of cream de cassis, eucalyptus, baked spices, and cedar with a tannic, lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, brisk finish with hard, firm tannins and heavy oak.
Yellow straw color. Bright, tropical aromas of ripe pineapple, papaya, spiced nuts, and tree bark with a supple, lively, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length nougat, dried mango, and custard finish with light oak. A well balanced fruit and oak forward chardonnay with a great creamy texture.
Ruby color. Aromas of chocolate mint, cranberry chutney, and mountain herbs with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and an elegant, medium-long eucalyptus incense and peppery spices finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. An attractive, spicy red that is sure to please.
Bright medium golden straw color. Mild, fruity, inviting oaky aromas of bruised granny smith apples, toasted oak, and pineapple yogurt with a tangy, dry full body and a peppery, complex, relaxed finish with chewy, firm tannins and moderate oak. A nicely balanced and stylish chardonnay.
Ruby color. Aromas of honeyed berries, toffee, and choke cherry preserves with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, layered, medium-long spiced nuts, alpine herbs, cedar, and sage finish with crunchy, earthy tannins and moderate oak. An attractively spicy, fruit forward red.
Clear silvery straw color. Muted, spicy aromas of banana spice cookie, coconut custard, and green pineapple husk with a velvety, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, subtle, medium-long salted apple, coconut water, and umami finish. A lively and attractive sake that will cover a lot of bases.
Clear light silver color. Mild, fruity aromas of ripe Asian pear and anise cream with a supple, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, appealing, cheery orchata, salted melon, and earth finish. A wonderfully fruity and vibrant sake that is sure to please.
Opaque black garnet color. Bright, creamy, fruity toasty aromas of chocolate nuts, gherkin, and dried berries with a glycerous, lively, dryish medium-full body and a warming, distinctive, medium-length sandalwood, olive, and creme brulee finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and multilayered, savory red wine.
Nearly opaque black garnet color. Bright, fruity aromas of baked berries, spice, and chocolate mint cookie with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length chocolate orange and lemon peels, craisin, vanilla nuts, and earth finish with earthy, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A vivacious and appealing red with serious structure and finesse.
Garnet color. Aromas of berry pie a la mode, floral honey, and baklava with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, layered, medium-long coconut gelato and toffee finish with well-integrated, dusty tannins and moderate oak.
Golden straw color. Toasty aromas of baked peaches and pineapples, apple tart, and delicate spices with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length lemon curd and minerals finish with no oak. A zesty and flavorful sparkling wine with a lot of rich character.
Brilliant yellow straw color. Fruity aromas of dried peach and lemon and delicate spice with a supple, tangy, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an intriguing, medium-length green apple skin, Meyer lemon, caperberry, and chalk finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A zesty, mouthwatering, richly flavorful and savory cava that will be great with food.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet black color. Bright, attractive, fruity creamy aromas of berry creme brulee and chocolate cherry fudge with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, delightful, medium-length toffee finish with silky tannins and light oak. A juicy and very tasty cabernet.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Lively, fruity, toasty aromas of ripe blackcurrants, black cherries, dried twigs, and green olives with an lively, dry full body and a peppery, complex, medium-long finish with chewy, firm, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Indigo color. Bright, fruity aromas of berry berry a la mode, melted toffee, and chocolate mint mousse with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and an effortless, interesting, medium-length creme brulee and buttered nuts finish with silky tannins and light oak. A smooth, delicious and satisfying cabernet.
Ruby color. Aromas of cassis pie, pickling spices, and honeyed yams with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, intriguing, medium-length cocoa, cedar, caramelized Meyer lemon, and pepper finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A lively, appetizing Napa cabernet.
Garnet black color. Bright, exotic, fruity aromas of cherry cobbler, toffee, and salsa with a satiny, tangy, fruity body and a smooth, intriguing, medium-length craisin and mocha nuts finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A juicy and exotic treat.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, toasty sweaty aromas of mulberries, saddle leather, purple pez, and light toast with a bright, dry full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Violet color. Bright, interesting, spicy aromas of chocolate mint and berry tart with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a polished, interesting, vanilla custard and nutskin finish with well-integrated, crunchy tannins and light oak. A rock solid merlot with lots of charm.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of cassis, red raspberries, leather, and clay with a vibrant, dry full body and a warming, involved, medium-length finish with firm, fine, well-integrated, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Opaque black garnet color. Delicate, toasty, creamy aromas of berries, meringue, and toffee with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length roasted nuts, oak, and earth finish with chewy, firm tannins. A powerful age-worthy red wine that will be even better in a few years.
Bright dark ruby black color. Earthy, fruity creamy toasty aromas of mulberry cobbler, tart plums, oriental spice, and turned earth with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a peppery, long finish with silky, well-integrated, firm, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Violet color. Delicate aromas of berry pastry, salty butter roasted nuts, cocoa, and roasted root vegetables with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, medium-length spice and cedar finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A nicely balanced and satisfying malbec with a lot to offer now and later.
Black garnet color. Interesting, spicy aromas of sweet pickle, pistachio toffee, and currant custard tart with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, long chives, mint, herbs, and roasted carrot finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A unique and fun roller coaster of exotic flavors that will make for some interesting pairings.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Dusty garnet color. Lively, spicy, fruity aromas of cinnamon raisin toast, cassis compote, and creamy vanilla with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity body and a silky, involved, medium-length herbs, menthol mint, and nutskin finish with light oak. A snappy, mouthwatering cabernet with a lovely herbal back note.
Garnet black color. Bright, savory, complex aromas of dried berries, chocolate, olives, and leather with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, medium-long roasted root vegetables and peppers and earth finish with fine tannins and light oak. A lovely Old World styled red with a great savory streak.
Deep purple color. Delicate, interesting, spicy minty aromas of baked berries, pickled melon, chocolate mint, and sweet herbs with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length finish with fine tannins and light oak. A delightful and well balanced syrah with plenty of stuffing and acidity for aging too.
Deep purple color. Bright, savory, complex aromas of black raspberry custard tart, chocolate, smoked peppercorn, and mixed olives with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length tomato, meat, and nutskin finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A vibrant and tasty syrah that will shine at the table.
Ruby black color. Aromas of dried orange blossoms and pressed linen with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length black raspberry compote, vanilla nuts, and baking spices finish with fine, silky tannins and light oak. A delicious and elegant chambourcin.
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic ®, Certifed Organic, Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet color. Aromas of buttery toffee, grilled berries, and mocha with a tangy, dryish medium-to-full body and a silky, distinctive, medium-long pomegranate, beets, chocolate fondue, and cedar finish with chewy, well-integrated tannins and light oak. A very vibrant, chocolatey, wood influenced US tempranillo.
Bright silvery straw gold color. Bright, attractive, fruity aromas of pear, guanabana, melon, and peach with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, distinctive, medium-length apple, delicate spice, and orange finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A very nice and refreshing and fruity, lighter styled viognier.
Ruby color. Aromas of red currant, bing cherry, roasted red bell pepper, and eucalyptus with a round, tangy, dry medium body and a silky, subtle, medium-length cherry, black currant, boysenberry, and vanilla finish with dusty, medium tannins and moderate oak. A hint of eucalyptus with the rich fruit gives you a hint of Heitz Martha's vineyard, creating a most satisfying and complex flavor balance all framed with a long and balanced finish.
Ruby color. Aromas of red cherry, sweet red pepper, blackberry, and vanilla with a velvety, lively, dry medium body and a black cherry, red currant, boysenberry, and red pepper finish. Delivers big fruit flavors with invitingly soft tannins, chewy fruit turns to a satisfying finish, nicely framed with vanilla and spice.
Opaque black violet color. Bright, fruity, creamy spicy aromas of blackberry pie a la mode, pickling spices, and nut brittle with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, layered, medium-length chocolate, creme brulee, and menthol mint finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A wonderful spicy and herbal shiraz based blend.
Violet color. Aromas of blackberry, currant, black pepper, and roast venison with a creamy, bright, dry medium-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-long cherry jam, black pepper, plum, and savory roast wild game finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Juicy, spicy and complex with notes of fresh cracked pepper, perfectly ripe cherries and a savory, yet juicy note of roasted game.
Violet color. Aromas of black raspberry, cherry jam, almond blossom, and vanilla with a slightly chewy, tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, intricate, medium-long juicy black raspberry, sweet papaya, black plum jam, and vanilla finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. The touch of viognier with its understated, but haunting floral qualities is like a French horn amongst the notes of sweet vanilla, black raspberry, papaya and plum jam. exceptionally complex and elegantly balanced.
Garnet color. Aromas of black currant, pencil lead, spicy oak, and crushed plum with a chewy, racy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, long black currant, wild cherry, spicy vanilla, and crushed blackberry finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Complex and balanced with layers of rich, deeply flavored fruit and generous spicy oak that does not overpower due to the depth of rich fruit flavors. added complexity of black tilled soil, cigar box, mocha and pencil lead.
Ruby color. Aromas of black raspberry, dried plum, crushed cherry, and black pepper with a creamy, tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length cherry, black raspberry, crushed plum, and vanilla finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. Fruit packed and brimming with lively, dark fruit, chewy, but well-integrated tannins pull everything together in juicy balance.
Bright dark violet color. Fruity, earthy floral toasty aromas of spiced dark berries, banana leaf, red flowers, and black olives & pepper with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry full body and a peppery, medium-length finish with fine, well-integrated, firm tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Dusty ruby color. Delicate, fruity aromas of cherries and nuts with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, engaging, medium-length delicate spice, earth, and raisins finish with light oak. A delicious, pure Italian red with great structure for the table.
Light garnet color. Fruity, exotic jammy aromas of raspberry jelly, concord grapes, red velvet cake icing, and strawberry compote with an lively, sweet medium body and a seamless, engaging, snappy cherry, strawberry, red velvet cake icing, and grape jelly finish with no tannins and no oak. Bursting with cherry, grape and strawberry with a rich, but not too rich finish.
Garnet black color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of dried berries and caramelized nuts with a satiny, crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length green apple, ground nuts, creme brulee, and slate finish with silky, fine tannins and light oak. A rich and inviting cabernet with strong, nicely balanced core of fruit and zesty acidity.
Garnet color. Aromas of berry custard tart, gherkin, peppercorn muffin, and mocha with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a seamless, amusing, medium-long black raspberry sorbet, watermelon, and craisin finish with silky tannins. A lively merlot with very attractive layers of flavor.
Black ruby color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of ripe plum, chocolate nut muffin, and cherry compote with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, appealing, medium-long vanilla cream and spice finish with soft, crunchy tannins and light oak. A spot on merlot with lots to offer.
Bright dark ruby black color. Bright, earthy, fruity toasty aromas of black berries, dried plums, fruitcake, and dried twigs with an tangy, dry full body and a warming, layered, short finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Dark ruby black color. Toasty aromas of roasted coconut and berry pie crust with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length dried cherries, delicate spice, and nuts finish with light oak. An attractive, artfully blended red.
Ruby color. Delicate, fruity aromas of cherry, black plum, boysenberry, and baking spice with a satiny, bright, dry medium body and a smooth, nuanced, medium-length cherry, raspberry, vanilla, and shiitake finish with well-integrated, silky tannins and light oak. Beautiful plum and boysenberry notes unfold from nose to mid-palate to the silky finish with just a kiss of oak to frame it all ever so nicely.
Violet color. Aromas of berry pie a la mode and pickled melon with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy plum and chocolate finish with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious, effortlessly drinking shiraz that is sure to please.
Bright medium indigo color. Mild, fruity, minerally aromas of baked berries, minerals, cedar, and pepper with a glycerous, tangy, dryish light-to-medium body and a warming, elegant, medium-length chocolate nuts and beets finish with chewy, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A highly polished syrah with great depth and balance of flavor.
Ruby color. Aromas of marinated beets, pickled watermelon, and raspberry compote with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length roasted nuts, spiced citrus and blueberries, and cedar finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A zesty flavor packed zin.
Garnet black color. Lively, fruity aromas of raspberry jam on toast and spiced cherries with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length creme brulee, roasted nuts, cedar, and earth finish. A rich, nicely balanced zinfandel that is sure to please.
Ruby color. Aromas of cherries and chocolate graham cracker with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length delicate spice, beets, and apples finish with light oak. A very solid, nice crafted zinfandel with fine balance.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Fruity, earthy peppery toasty aromas of mulberry jam, star anise, pan grille, and black pepper with a vibrant, dry full body and a peppery finish with firm, well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Brilliant silvery straw color. Lively, floral, fruity confected aromas of apple blossoms and soda and peach cobbler with an tangy, off-dry medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length pineapple-vanilla gelato and apricot preserves finish. A vibrantly flavorful and very attractive, fruity sparkler.
Bright straw green color. Rich, fruity, oaky aromas of vanilla, ripe pear, toasted nutmeg, and apple compote with a soft, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length vanilla, white pineapple, spiced pear, and river rock finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Very nicely balanced with generous, but not overdone sweet vanilla and nutmeg tinged French oak that opens into pineapple, spiced pear and apples.
Yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity, earthy aromas of fallen apples, Meyer lemon, and mango with a silky, crisp, dryish medium body and a smooth, engaging, medium-length marinated apples finish with fine, crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. An exceptionally refreshing and appetizing lighter-styled chardonnay.
Light gold color. Delicate aromas of pineapple cake and baked apples with a satiny, bright, dryish medium body and a smooth, breezy honey butter and nuts finish with fine tannins and light oak. A polished, elegant styled chardonnay.
Golden straw color. Floral, tropical spicy aromas of magnolia, lychee, pink guava, and curry with a bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, intricate, medium-long magnolia, lychee, curried pineapple, and yellow pear skin finish with no tannins and no oak. Ripe and exotic with magnolia blossoms intermingling with lychee, fragrant pink guava and white flowers with a tart finish that centers on the wines floral qualities.
Silvery emerald straw color. Bright, fruity, savory aromas of lemon and gherkin with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a silky, interesting, snappy yellow apple and nut finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A zesty and refreshing white that will pair brilliantly with seafood.
Silvery emerald straw color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of honeyed peaches and lilac with a silky, bright, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, compelling, easy fruit salad and orange blossom water finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. An delicious and well balanced moscato.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Straw green color. Mild, fruity aromas of peaches in cream, melon, and nougat with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, delightful, breezy green apple, orange, delicate, and chalk finish with soft, crunchy tannins and no oak. A fruity, juicy pinot gris with nice nuances of flavor and texture.
Yellow color. Aromas of lemon, lemongrass, and green apple with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length clementine finish with no oak. A very appetizing dry riesling with great balance.
White gold color. Aromas of tropical fruit, grapefruit rind, and praline with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length honeyed lemon and earth finish with fine, crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A very tasty and refreshing sauvignon blanc.
White gold color. Delicate aromas of pressed linen and green apples with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, engaging, breezy melon and white strawberry finish with no oak. A delicate and enticing sauvignon blanc.
Pale color. Fruity, floral minerally inviting aromas of passion fruit, white grapefruit, spice poached pear, and papaya with a lean, racy, bone-dry medium body and a smooth, complex, long lemon, passion fruit, raw hazelnut, and wet stones finish with no tannins and light oak. From the tantalizing nose full of exotic fruit, citrus and minerality thru to the long, crisp finish, this soave can seamlessly go from cocktail hour through to vibrantly flavored dishes.
Bright medium dark garnet color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty smoky aromas of ripe black dried plums, tobacco, planked oak, and light black pepper finish with a bright, dry full body and a peppery, appealing, breezy finish with firm, fine tannins and light oak.
Bright golden yellow color. Mild, fruity aromas of kiwi and dried pineapple with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, breezy honeyed lemon, green apple, and cedar finish with fine tannins and light oak. A well balanced, refreshing chardonnay that will cover a lot of bases.
Bright medium light gold color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of yellow apples, coconut cream, and bitter lemon with a satiny, bright, dryish full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with fine, well-integrated, woody tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium gold color. Mild, earthy, woody fruity aromas of butterscotch, bruised apples, butter cream, and green twigs with a lively, dryish full body and a peppery, captivating, brisk finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright yellow straw color. Bright, fruity, creamy oaky elegant aromas of yellow pear, apricot, vanilla, and field stones with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and an effortless, complex, medium-long pear D'Anjou, heirloom melon, brioche, and field stones finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Exceptionally elegant style that offers the best of old world and new world chardonnay with moderate oak, bright minerality, well-balanced acidity and a beautiful fruit with refined generosity.
Bright yellow straw color. Fruity, herbal grassy minerally aromas of lemongrass, lime zest, white grapefruit, and wet stones with a satiny, racy, bone-dry medium body and a sleek, elegant, medium-length juicy lemon, white plum, crisp apple, and creek stone finish with no tannins and no oak. Bright and minerally white full of crisp, vibrant citrus and mouth watering fruit.
Bright ruby black color. Bright, toasty, fruity aromas of mocha, berry cobbler, and chocolate cherries and nuts with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, compelling, medium-length orange chiffon and toffee finish with silky tannins and light oak. A silky and delicious sangiovese.
Dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, nutty aromas of chocolate nut brittle and blackberry pie a la mode with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length nougat and earth finish with well-integrated, crunchy tannins. A very polished and engaging zinfandel.
Bright dark garnet black color. Jammy, fruity savory creamy aromas of spicy black raspberries, mocha - milk chocolate, turned earth, and black pepper with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated, crunchy tannins and moderate oak.
Dark violet color. Bright aromas of toffee and berry pie with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length sweet citrus and vanilla butter cream finish with silky tannins and light oak. A sexy, super fruity zin.
Brilliant yellow straw color. Bright, fruity, confected floral inviting aromas of white peach, apple blossom, sliced mango, and ginger root with a creamy, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, distinctive, medium-length peaches and cream, sweet papaya, Meyer lemon, and creek stone finish with no tannins and no oak. Over delivers lush melon, mango and pineapple flavors with sweet citrus acidity and a silky mouthfeel all wrapped with a lovely creek stone minerality.
Emerald straw color. Delicate, nutty aromas of lemon creme brulee and praline with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, intriguing, medium-length yellow apple, vanilla cream, and spice finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A a very smooth and tasty white wine.
 Sustainable Farming 
 Sustainable Farming-Demeter Certified 
 Sustainable Farming 
 No Added Chemicals 
Deep purple color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of dark berry compote and menthol mint with a supple, tangy, petillant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length cocoa, craisin, and nutskin finish with chewy, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A spicy, nicely nuanced cabernet with lively acidity and tannins.
Nearly opaque dark deep purple color. Bright, toasty aromas of berry pie, chocolate, and spiced praline with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length dried cherry, menthol mint, and vanilla cream finish with soft tannins and light oak. A rich and round shiraz with pleasing spiciness.
Deep purple color. Bright, interesting aromas of pistachio nougat, spicy berry chutney, watermelon gelato, and dried mango with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and a sleek, complex, medium-long spiced cranberries, blueberry pie a la mode, nut brittle, and herbs finish with silky tannins and light oak. A super smooth and jammy treat.
Black garnet color. Delicate aromas of vanilla candle, dried berries, and olive with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, compelling, medium-length cedar, brown spices, brazil nuts, and leather finish with silky tannins and light oak. A fun, flavor packed red blend that is sure to please.
Black ruby color. Delicate, savory, smoky aromas of sundried tomato sauce, honey roasted nuts, caramelized berries, and meat with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a seamless, refreshing, medium-length cedar, earth, and cocoa finish with fine, dusty tannins and light oak. A attractive fruity and smoky red that will play nicely at the table.
Silvery emerald straw color. Delicate, floral, earthy aromas of jasmine, chestnut honeycomb, and peaches with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an even, compelling, cheery kiwi, apple, and minerals finish with crunchy, fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A remarkably pure and precise pinot grigio that is sure to please.
Dusty garnet black color. Rich, fruity, vinous jammy aromas of black cherry, dried plum, toasty vanilla, and dried raspberry with a creamy, lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long dried raspberry, morello cherry, dansom plum, and vanilla mocha finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy, layered and satisfying with a well structured combination of juicy plum and dried berries all wrapped up with fine tannins.
Light brown brick red color. Rich, savory, rustic fruity earthy aromas of vanilla spice cake, dried morello cherry, vintage encyclopedia, and tar and roses with an racy, bone-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, involved, very long dried cherry, braised porcini mushroom, vanilla bean, and forest floor finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Long and complex with aromas and flavors that range to beautiful, fresh, red fruit and roses to dried raspberry, tar and braised mushrooms all framed with taught tannins on the long, complex, well-balanced finish.
Opaque bright dark garnet violet color. Lively aromas and flavors of mulberries, tree bark, clarified butter, and toasted wheat with a tannic, puckering, dry full body and a peppery, interesting, medium-long finish displaying notes of blackberry, vanilla, and peppery spice with woody tannins and moderate oak. A nice creamy petite sirah.
Opaque garnet black color. Aromas of berry tart, smoked bacon, and sautéed nuts with a supple, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a seamless, interesting, medium-long cranberry, cedar, gravel, and straw finish with cottony tannins and heavy oak. A serious, reserved Ribera that is nice now and will improve in a few years.
Garnet color. Aromas of blackberry, dried plum, black pepper, and molasses with a chewy, tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, involved, medium-long blackberry, black currant, spiced plum, and mocha finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Rich layers of black fruit and a hint of mocha unfold into black raspberry and spiced sweet oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright medium garnet violet color. Attractive, interesting, inviting, bright aromas and flavors of cherry pastry clafoute, subtle spiced berries, mocha cream, and dried leaves with a lightly tannic, lively, dry full body and a warming, gigantic, long finish with fine tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Delicate aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts, cherry, roasted beet, and faint dried eucalyptus with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a interesting, breezy finish with suggestions of earth and hint of menthol mint with crunchy tannins and light oak. A lovely, savory, herbal pinot that will shine at the table.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright clear silvery straw color. Complex aromas and flavors of baked apple, latex, minerality, and volcanic dust with a lightly tannic, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, intriguing finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Light golden silver color. Delicate, inviting aromas of grapefruit chutney, gooseberry custard, and straw with a soft, dryish body and a tingling, cheery Meyer lemon, melon, and earth finish. A vivacious and nicely structured sauvignon blanc.
Pale golden silver color. Rich aromas and flavors of exotic tropical fruit salad, grapefruit custard, and delicate herbs with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, captivating, medium-length finish displaying notes of guava, minerals, delicate spice, and melon rind with fruit tannins and no oak. An exotic and distinctive sauvignon blanc that is sure to please.
Bright medium old gold emerald color. Exotic aromas and flavors of candied lemons, green apple skin, potters clay, and caramel with a silky, bright, very sweet medium-full body and a smooth, layered finish with no tannins.
Bright clear pink orange color. Attractive aromas of red berries, red licorice, volcanic dust, and hint of Meyer lemon with a chewy, crisp, dry medium body and an interesting finish with fruit tannins.
Bright clear straw emerald color. Attractive aromas and flavors of lentils, white pepper, volcanic dust, and hint of rapini with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, complex, long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Dark garnet black color. Lively aromas and flavors of berry pie a la mode and toffee with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length finish that shows touches of olive, roasted nuts, craisin, and cedar with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid Chilean cabernet that is sure to please.
Copper color. Rich aromas and flavors of orange and apricot marmalades, orange blossoms, and praline with a supple, fruity medium body and a smooth, amusing, medium-length finish manifesting notes of chalk and nutskins with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A delicious, fruity, and nicely balanced Sherry.
 Certified California Sustainable Winegrowing 
Bright medium ruby violet color. Complex aromas and flavors of black cherries, caramel, tree bark, and buttered toast with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, medium-long finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Violet black color. Rich, creamy aromas of creme brulee, cherry pie, vanilla gelato, and delicate pickling spices with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, crisp smores, peppercorns, minerals, and pomegranate finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A zesty, chewy syrah that will cover a lot of bases at the table.
Bright pale straw emerald color. Toasty aromas and flavors of old barrels, green apples, dried straw, and lemon pith with a lightly tannic, lively, dry-yet-fruity full body and an astringent, refreshing finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark violet garnet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of black plums, black currants, and fruitcake roasted nuts with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity full body and a polished, involved, long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright violet garnet color. Lively aromas and flavors of black raspberry jam, black cherry soda, and dried peach and pear with a supple, tangy, petillant, fruity sweet medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish manifesting shades of honeyed nuts. A fun, flavorful dessert wine with a light spritziness.
Pale silvery straw color. Lively aromas and flavors of melon, Asian pear, and nougat with a silky, crisp, under-carbonated, fruity light-to-medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-length finish manifesting accents of jicama and honey. A delicious, elegant, and very approachable junmai sake.
Clear color. Aromas and flavors of vanilla toffee, bread pudding, dried apple, and blossoms with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium body and a warming, stimulating finish revealing notes of peppery spices, sweet potato, radish, and minerals. A rich, gutsy genshu sake that is sure to please.
Bright dark ruby blue violet color. Aromas and flavors of candied violets, rich blackcurrants, sour black cherries, and turned earth with a lively, dry full body and a complex finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Opaque garnet violet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of black raspberry jam, candied violets, cherry sauce, and menthol mint with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, snappy finish that exhibits elements of honeyed toast and blood orange zest with crunchy tannins and light oak. A refreshing and appetizing red that will work great with lighter meat dishes.
Golden yellow color. Rich aromas and flavors of toasted coconut, caramel apple, and roasted pineapple with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a captivating, medium-length finish revealing accents of vanilla cream and baking spices with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid oaky chardonnay.
Light golden amber salmon color. Bright aromas and flavors of strawberries in cream and bread pudding with a supple, tangy, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a sleek, interesting, medium-long finish that shows elements of praline, dark raisin toast, nectarine, and lemon. A delicious, lively sparkler that will be great at the table.
Bright ruby color. Lively, fruity aromas and flavors of cherry jam, lilac, and pomegranate sorbet with a supple, tangy, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a seamless, refreshing, medium-length finish with accents of cranberry soda and limestone. A mouthwatering, lively off-dry sparkler with nice sweet fruit.
Silvery straw color. Bold, fruity aromas of guava and pineapple sauce with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity sweet body and a seamless, medium-length tropical fruit punch soda and candied ginger finish. A very tasty and refreshing sweet sparkler that is like an adult fruit punch.
Pale golden silver color. Bold, fruity, confected aromas and flavors of watermelon candy, peach sorbet, and bubblegum ice cream with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity sweet body and a graceful, intriguing, breezy finish imparting accents of apricot preserves and pound cake. A tasty, zippy sweet sparker for the patio.
Brick red ruby color. Delicate aromas and flavors of pistachio gelato, pomegranate custard tart, and exotic spices with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a compelling, medium-length finish that presents notes of craisin, cedar, apple skin, and whole nuts. A zesty, spot on Barbaresco that will sing with food.
Brick red ruby color. Lively, exotic aromas of honeyed cherries, suede, Asian spices, and incense with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an interesting, medium-length craisin, spiced Meyer lemon, and nutshell finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A rock solid Barolo that will shine at the table.
Opaque color. Aromas of saddle leather, cassis, and olive with a body and a warming, medium-length spicy Turkish pastry, craisin, blood orange, and anise seed finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A fine, chewy cab.
Opaque violet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of melted toffee, dark berry pie, and hint of pickled root vegetables with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length finish revealing notes of dried berries and cedar with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A robust, yet elegant cabernet.
Dark violet color. Aromas of spicy blackberry pie, toffee, and pink peppercorns with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, compelling, medium-length chocolate, spiced apples, blood orange, and cedar finish with silky tannins and light oak. A tasty, robust malbec.
Ruby black color. Rich aromas and flavors of spiced cherries, pickled beets, and chocolate nuts with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, intriguing, medium-length finish with impressions of praline and blood orange with fine tannins and light oak. A delicious, mouthwatering pinot noir.
Bright opaque blue violet garnet color. Complex aromas and flavors of ripe black berries, mocha milk chocolate, turned earth, and white pepper with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a peppery, elegant, medium-long finish with gritty tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium garnet blue violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of ripe black raspberries, dried leaves, cream, and black pepper with a chewy, vibrant, dry full body and a warming, elegant, medium-long finish with barky tannins and moderate oak.
Silvery straw color. Rich aromas and flavors of grapefruit, passionfruit, and guava with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish imparting accents of honeyed green pepper, lime, and minerals. A nicely balanced sauvignon blanc that will over a lot of bases.
Bright dark blue violet garnet color. Creamy aromas and flavors of ripe mulberries, grapy purple wine gums, toast & pepper, and butter cream with a creamy, vibrant, dry full body and a warming, very complex, long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A very nicely balanced syrah.
Garnet violet color. Bright aromas and flavors of creamy mocha, blackberry pie, and caramelized bacon with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a smooth, intriguing, medium-length finish imparting notes of sour cherry jam, grape pez, and cola with silky tannins. A super tasty and easy drinking red that is sure to please.
Bright blue violet color. Aromas and flavors of boysenberry custard a la mode, cashew brittle, and chocolate with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a smooth, appealing, breezy finish with notes of strawberry preserves on nut toast, blood orange, leafy earth, and grape skins with fine tannins and light oak. A fun and easy-drinking red with attractive layers of flavor.
Medium ruby color. Lively aromas and flavors of chocolate cherries, marinated tomatoes, and nougat with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, compelling, medium-length finish manifesting accents of cedar, dried berries, and nutskin with light oak. A nicely poised and a savory red that will cover a lot of bases.
Ruby garnet color. Delicate aromas and flavors of pickled beets, pomegranate, toffee, and pencil eraser with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length finish imparting accents of roasted nuts, chocolate orange peels, earth, and candied violets with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A zesty, satisfying pinot.
Silvery straw color. Rich, creamy aromas and flavors of tropical fruit custard tart, vanilla, and hint of soy with a silky, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-long finish that presents notes of sweet citrus, pound cake, and minerals. A great, mouthwatering sparkler.
Dark ruby black color. Bright aromas and flavors of roasted chestnuts, chocolate, peppercorns, and dried berries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length finish with notes of cedar, dusty earth, and dried pear with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A very tasty and well balanced cab franc that is drinking nicely now.
Garnet violet color. Rich, complex, earthy aromas and flavors of tomatoes on the vine, mulberry jam, vanilla brittle, and pickling spices with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-length finish that exhibits notes of minerals, blood orange, melon rind, and pencil shavings with chewy tannins and moderate oak. Very different from the usual juicy style of Malbec, this drinks much like a Cahors from southwest France.
Ruby color. Intriguing aromas of sandalwood, coffee, olive tapenade, and dried berries with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a delightful, nuts, cedar, tomato, and delicate baking spices finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A nicely compacted, savory red blend; give this a bit of time.
Dark violet color. Bright, attractive aromas of creme brulee, berry pie, and chocolate with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a delightful, medium-length smoked nuts and nuts finish with silky tannins and light oak. A very tasty, balanced, and crowd pleasing cabernet.
Dark garnet black color. Lively aromas and flavors of chestnut toffee, berry compote, clay, and chocolate with a satiny, lively, fruity medium body and an interesting, medium-long finish with notes of creme brulee and cocoa with fine tannins and light oak. A deliciously appetizing, bright and juicy malbec with great old world style and balance.
Dark ruby color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas and flavors of berry tart, spiced nuts, and minty herbs with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish that exhibits notes of cranberry chutney and cedar with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A well balanced and nicely spicy red that will cover a lot of bases.
Dark ruby black color. Bright aromas and flavors of dried cherry, spiced jerky, smoked nuts, and toffee with a silky, bright, dryish medium body and an interesting, medium-length finish that presents touches of pickled beet, honey, cedar, and minerals with crunchy tannins. A nicely layered pinot with subtlety and finesse.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Opaque black garnet color. Bright, attractive aromas of spicy berry compote, nougat, honeycomb, and fruit leather with a silky, bright, off-dry medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length creme brulee, dried cherries, cedar, and nuts finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A very nice and zesty cabernet that will shine at the table.
Opaque bright garnet dark color. Aromas and flavors of cream de cassis, red licorice, roasted fennel, and light road tar with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a mildly astringent, long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark garnet color. Attractive, complex, inviting aromas and flavors of ripe blackcurrants, purple wine gums, cedar planks, and black cherries with a lightly tannic, lively, dry full body and a smooth, very complex finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet color. Bold, attractive aromas and flavors of coffee, chocolate nuts, dried berries, and hint of jerky with a tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length finish displaying impressions of raspberries, dried cherries, and nuts with chewy tannins and light oak. An zesty and flavor-packed sipper that is sure to please.
Dark garnet black color. Bright, complex, spicy aromas and flavors of menthol mint, berry chutney, and eucalyptus oil with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish displaying nuances of salty roasted beets, herb butter, currant jam, and pepper with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A spot-on spicy merlot that will be excellent with spicy meat dishes.
Garnet black color. Lively aromas and flavors of red berries, crayon, and orange pez with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, captivating, medium-length finish with overtones of marmalade, pepper, and cedar with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A lively merlot that will shine at the table.
Opaque garnet black color. Bright, earthy aromas and flavors of clay, whole nuts, pomegranates, and sundried tomato with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an appealing, medium-long finish with accents of forest floor, squid ink, and cedar bark with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A very earthy, tightly wound red that will shine at the table.
Dark ruby color. Aromas and flavors of floral honey, strawberry compote, and tomato jelly with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and an even, interesting finish that presents touches of toasty praline, mocha, and roasted chestnuts with crunchy tannins. A nice fruity red that will cover a lot of bases at the table.
Dark ruby color. Bright aromas of chocolate rice bar, dried flowers, sour cherry compote, and mulberries with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, intriguing, medium-length nutshell, delicate spices, cedar, and leafy earth finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. An nicely made and layered cabernet franc that will do well at the table.
Golden straw color. Rich aromas and flavors of yellow rose bush, lychee, and nutshell with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, compelling, medium-long finish with notes of peach skin and minerals. A delicious and well balanced gewurz.
Emerald color. Bright, creamy aromas of cashew nougat and peach custard tart with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, interesting, melon, papaya, and pineapple finish. A very nice and pillowy sauvignon blanc that is a pleasure to drink.
Pale gold color. Mild, toasty, fruity aromas of dried pineapple, spiced apples, tapioca, and potters clay with a oily, crisp, dryish medium-full body and a tingling, intricate, medium-length Meyer lemon, tangerine, and nougat finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A very nicely balanced and appetizing chardonnay for all occasions.
Pale gold color. Bold, exotic, fruity floral aromas of coconut custard, guava, tropical blossoms, and sweet pickling spices with a supple, lively, dryish medium-full body and a warming, medium-length mint cream, lemon sorbet, tangerine, and eucalyptus finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A fun, exotically flavorful chardonnay that will excel with Asian seafood dishes.
Bright clear light medium golden color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of nougat, pineapple cake, and candied lemon peel with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length pineapple, apple sauce, and brazil nuts finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A juicy, mouthwatering chardonnay that will cover a lot of bases.
Golden straw color. Delicate, creamy, fruity aromas of apple pie, honeysuckle, citrus gelato, and nougat with a silky, lively, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, buoyant apple, melon, lemon sorbet, and minty earth finish with light oak. A very nice zesty chardonnay with very good purity and balance.
Bright gold color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of pineapple cake, spiced nuts, grilled apple, and toasted coconut with a satiny, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long chutney and a hint of bbq rub finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A vivacious, flavor packed chardonnay.
Medium brilliant golden yellow color. Bright, interesting, complex toasty buttery aromas of apple-fig pastry, toasted coconut flakes, and anise cookie with a oily, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, distinctive, medium-length lime, tangerine, mango, and mint finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A lively and layered chardonnay with great table appeal
Light gold color. Delicate aromas of provence herbs, lemon, honeyed apple, and nougat with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a refreshing, medium-length tropical fruit nectar, reduced lemon, and salted nuts finish with light oak. An intriguingly layered, savory and balanced chardonnay.
Golden straw color. Bright, toasty aromas of apple pie, coconut custard, and meyer lemon with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an amusing, medium-length toasted nuts and minerals finish with light oak. A well balanced and restrained chardonnay with a nice sense of place.
Golden yellow color. Bright, buttery aromas of pineapple buttercream, lemon cake, and white toffee with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, compelling, medium-length apple tart, lime curd, exotic tropical fruit, and vanilla finish with light oak. a fun, flavorful oak accented chardonnay that is sure to please.
Bright golden yellow color. Mild, earthy aromas of honeycomb, dried lemon, and minerals with a soft, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length lemon curd and pistachio nougat finish with fruit tannins and moderate oak. A very nice zesty chardonnay with mouthwatering acidity for the table.
Gold color. Aromas of pineapple tart and vanilla yogurt with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, crisp polished wood and apple sauce finish with fruit tannins and moderate oak. A pleasant oaky chardonnay.
Gold color. Aromas of dried apple, Greek yogurt, and nougat with a lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, buoyant spiced apple, lemon curd, pineapple, and nuts finish with fine tannins and light oak. An interesting creamy fruit chardonnay.
Light straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of kiwi, tapioca, orange blossoms, and stone fruits with a soft, vibrant, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length lime custard, green apple, pineapple, and minerals finish. A vibrant and fruity Prosecco that is sure to please.
Bright clear light golden straw color. Lively, fruity, attractive aromas of ripe stone fruit, peach skin, hint of green herbs, and bitter lemon with a even, tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Nice rich flavors are well balanced.
Opaque dark violet color. Delicate, attractive, spicy aromas of dried apricot, sour cherry cobbler, and black currants with a oily, lively, dryish medium-full body and a tingling, subtle, medium-long blackberry, marinated beets, and cedar finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and lively well balanced Tempranillo for all occasions.
Bright medium violet color. Creamy, fruity spicy interesting aromas of underripe black currants, smoked meat, white pepper, and black cherry with a supple, crisp, dry full body and a warming, elegant, medium-long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. Very rich and savory flavors with a subtle peppery finish.
Opaque dark violet color. Bright, creamy, toasty aromas of toffee, boysenberry pie, and creme brulee with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length blood orange, blueberry, nut, and slate finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A nice chewy tempranillo that will shine at the table.
Opaque dark garnet color. Lively, interesting, fruity aromas of pickled melon, spiced mulberries, and tomato with a glycerous, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long nuts, cedar, and minerals finish with earthy tannins and moderate oak. A delicate spicy, savory Spanish red.
Pale salmon old gold color. Bright, fruity, attractive aromas of purple wine gums, dried plums, turned earth, and hint of salinity with a supple, lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, long finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. A rich, flavorful rose that speaks to summer fare.
Bright golden yellow color. Rich, fruity, attractive aromas of honey roasted apple, spiced pineapple, and pound cake with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, nuanced, medium-long mixed citrus, yellow apple, nuts, and coconut finish with fruit tannins and light oak. An attractive, fruit driven white with vibrant acidity for the table.
Dark nearly opaque garnet color. Bright, sweet, toasty aromas of berry tart, sandalwood, and chestnut honey with a oily, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, complex, medium-long chocolate mousse, nuts, oak barrel, and mocha finish with crunchy tannins and heavy oak. A rich, full throttled cabernet with lots of tasty berry fruit and generous oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of mocha, blueberry pastry, dried fruits, and hint of meat with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, intriguing, medium-length plum custard, blood orange, chocolate craisin, and pepper finish with chewy tannins and light oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of vanilla cherry custard and baking spices with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length spiced berries, exotic peppercorns, and nuts finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A tasty pinot with nice balance and structure.
Brilliant medium garnet color. Bright, toasty, creamy fruity aromas of watermelon, cherry, and lilies with a supple, tangy, dryish medium body and a warming, delightful, brisk grilled beets, green herbs, smoked peppercorn, and minerals finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A delicate and intriguingly smoky pinot that will be great with grilled foods.
Bright golden straw color. Rich, unusual, floral fruity aromas of coconut-mango custard, honeysuckle, and key lime pie with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and an effortless, intricate, medium-long passionfruit, papaya, delicately spiced nuts, and watermelon finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. An exotic and unique chardonnay with tons of tropical citrus and blossom character.
Bright opaque garnet blue violet color. Attractive, interesting aromas and flavors of rich blackcurrants, cedar, black plums, and toast with a supple, racy, dry full body and a warming, very complex, long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Emerald straw color. Lively, toasty aromas of roasted pineapple and nuts, apples on the tree, and honeycomb with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, intriguing, medium-length citrus and nut brittle finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nice mix of tropical fruit and nutty oak flavors.
Pale clear yellow straw color. Delicate, citrusy, minerally aromas of lime rind with a supple, crisp, dry light body and a polished, engaging, brisk grapefruit rind and wet granite finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Interesting citrus opening, tart finish with nice floral notes.
Golden straw color. Delicate, fruity, creamy aromas of spiced peaches, tapioca, and pineapple with a satiny, lively, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length orange gelato, melon, and nut brittle finish. A very tasty, off-dry sipper with nice complexity and balance.
Pale silver pink color. Bright, floral, interesting aromas of jasmine, puffed rice, melon, and beeswax with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length mulberry and kiwi finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A nicely balanced, very adult rosé with an elegant style.
Clear medium ruby garnet color. Mild, classic, floral fruity aromas of banana with a velvety, crisp, light-to-medium body and a smooth, quick green apple, lemon curd finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Very southern Rhone, a nice summer food wine.
Bright silvery emerald straw color. Floral, fruity aromas of lychee, peony, and honeyed peach with a supple, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, snappy apple sauce finish with no oak. A fun and fruity off-dry patio sipper.
Pale light straw color. Rich, citrusy aromas of grapefruit, green pepper, and pickled melon with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long gooseberries, Meyer lemon, and earth finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A delicious and vibrant sauvignon blanc with great varietal character.
Silvery emerald straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of gooseberry jam and grapefruit custard with a supple, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-length Meyer lemon and green apple custard finish with no oak. An attractive, vibrant sauvignon with great fruit and snappy acidity.
Golden straw color. Bright, toasty, fruity aromas of fruit custard tart and peach cobbler a la mode with a glycerous, soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length roasted nuts and melon finish with light oak. A well crafted viognier with nice texture and light oak.
Golden straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of spiced apples and nougat with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a polished, medium-length lemon, pineapple, and cream finish with light oak. An appetizing well made chardonnay.
Straw color. Bright aromas of roasted yellow pepper and grapefruit custard tart with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length green apple, passion fruit, and earth finish with fine fruit tannins. A rock solid, well balanced sauvignon blanc that hits all the right notes.
Clear pale silver pink color. Mild, fruity aromas of spiced berries, dried flowers, and melon with a even, tangy, moderately sweet medium body and a warming, delightful, breezy watermelon sorbet and clementine finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice zesty off-dry wine that will be great with bbq and cheeses.
Dusty ruby color. Bright, interesting, toasty aromas of chocolate espresso beans, cherry fudge, and pickled tomatoes with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, nuanced, breezy vanilla cream and nougat finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A savory and exotically flavorful merlot with a real sense of place.
Ruby black color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of blackberry tart and peppercorn muffin with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, stimulating, medium-length sour cherry, marinated beets, tomato, and nut shell finish with soft earthy tannins and light oak. A very nice and savory red blend.
Dark bright rubbed bronze color. Aromas of mulberries, strawberry powder, toasted wheat, and white pepper with a lively, dry full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. Big, bold interesting flavors that are youthful and tasty.
Dark garnet color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of cassis tart, cinnamon roll, and coconut praline with a satiny, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long almond skin, pomegranate ice, and delicate spice finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A lively cabernet with bright, singing acidity.
 Certified Organic 
Dark violet color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of floral cherries, honeycomb, and sesame candy with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long raspberry, nuts, and earth finish with dusty chewy tannins and moderate oak. A bright, nicely structured shiraz that will go well with meats.
Clear medium bright golden straw color. Bright, fruity, oaky nutty aromas of yellow apples, roasted hazelnuts, butter cream, and pears with a supple, crisp, medium-full body and a silky, medium-long finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. Well balanced subtle 'old world' flavors.
Yellow color. Aromas of citrus-peach chiffon pie, vanilla custard, and chili pepper with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a graceful, amusing, medium-length orange, apple, cream, and mint finish with no oak. A delicate and nuanced sauvignon blanc.
Ruby color. Delicate, complex aromas of fresh blueberries, roasted nuts, and sassafras with a supple, tangy, petillant, off-dry medium body and a stimulating, breezy blueberry skins, delicate peppery spices, melon rind, and minerals finish. A pure and nuanced fruit flavored wine.
Ruby black color. Bright, interesting, fruity floral aromas of cherry-black raspberry tart, white chocolate toffee, and orange blossoms with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, refreshing, medium-length spiced apple and melon finish with fine chewy tannins. A crisp and nicely styled pinot noir that will shine with lighter fare.
Bright clear medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of black cherries - maybe a compound cherry butter, cranberries, light green herbal notes, and dried leaves with a tangy, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with fruit fine leafy tannins and light oak. Best if served at cellar temp with earthier foods.
Garnet color. Delicate, toasty, nutty aromas of cedar, nuts, and dried mulberries with a supple, vibrant, dryish medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length roasted root vegetables, peppery spices, pencil shavings, and dried meat finish with chewy tannins. A nice savory, oak-influenced pinot noir.
Bright garnet color. Exotic, smoky aromas of grilled pepper and herbs, toasty sandalwood, and pomegranate compote with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length sour cherry, blood orange, nuts, and slate finish with fine chewy tannins and light oak. A zesty, nicely smoky and mouthwatering pinot that will shine at the table.
Garnet black color. Toasty, fruity aromas of spicy cherry tart, toffee, and hint of jerky with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length praline and beet relish finish with fine tannins and light oak. A smooth and balanced pinot with nice fruit.
Bright clear medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, floral buttery aromas of cherries, red lik-a-maid, toasted yeast and clarified butter, and violets and cedar with a crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with fruit firm tannins and light oak. Opens up nicely.
Dusty garnet color. Delicate, meaty, interesting fruity aromas of berry pie and marinated meat with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, compelling, sour cherry, praline, and spiced blood orange finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. A very tasty and well balanced pinot with nice fruit and depth.
Bright clear medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of ripe black cherries, planked warm cedar, dried herbs - sage, and burnt embers - twigs with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with well integrated fruit tannins and moderate oak. Full blown new world Pinot Noir with a sense of place.
Garnet black color. Lively, fruity, floral aromas of apricot marmalade, pomegranate sorbet, and lilacs with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length spiced dried berries and praline finish with medium chewy tannins and light oak. A very lively and refreshing red that will shine with food.
Brick red color. Bright, earthy, herbal aromas of cranberry, mint, apple butter, and tar with a supple, tart, medium body and an captivating, medium-long pomegranate, nutshell, and earth finish with firm dusty tannins and moderate oak. A vibrant nebbiolo with lots of varietal character and ageability.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright aromas of mulberries, crushed stones, wild strawberries fraise du bois and black pepper, and silly putty - nice clay like note with a lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with fruit fine firm tannins and light oak. A very complex hedonic red with a warm expansive finish.
Brown brick red color. Aromas of dried cherries, vanilla candle, roasted chestnuts, and dried meat with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, engaging, medium-length roasted beets and bouillon finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid, savory sangiovese.
Black garnet color. Bright, attractive aromas of mocha latte, toasted coconut, and blueberry pie with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an engaging, medium-length marinated beets, cornichon, and spiced nuts finish with coating woody tannins and moderate oak. Nicely styled like a crianza with judicious American oak.
Black violet color. Bright, interesting aromas of honeydew melon, pistachio nougat, and black raspberry tart with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a tingling, stimulating, relaxed spiced apple, boysenberry, nuts, and cedar finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A fun, zesty zin with some unique flavors going on.
Bright brilliant dark dusty garnet color. Lively, fruity, earthy peppery aromas of black raspberries, bitumen - tar, white pepper, and star anise with a supple, bright, dry full body and a peppery, long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Robust fun big red.
Garnet black color. Lively, buttery, nutty aromas of dried berries, praline, polished wood, and marinated meat with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length chocolate craisins, blood orange, and cedar finish with crunchy earthy tannins and moderate oak. A richly structured zinfandel that will excel at the table.
Bright medium brilliant brown brick color. Aromas of ripe black raspberries, wood putty, black pepper, and butter cream with a creamy, tangy, full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Complex integrated flavors bode well for this wine.
Bright brilliant dark garnet black color. Fruity, peppery aromas of black raspberries, bramble, black pepper, and potters clay with a tannic, puckering, dry-yet-fruity full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and moderate oak. A big wine that needs to matched with big flavors.
Bright clear pale emerald straw color. Delicate, fruity, vegetal peppery aromas of bruised apples, cruciform vegetal notes, and volcanic earth with a puckering, dry medium body and a peppery, complex, quick finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Nearly opaque black garnet color. Bright, fruity, attractive aromas of blueberry cobbler, vanilla gelato, and orange blossoms with a glycerous, tangy, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-length roasted marinated carrots, peppery spices, and earth finish with crunchy earthy tannins and light oak. A delicious and satisfying shiraz with nice length and warmth.
Bright dark ruby black color. Fruity, toasty peppery aromas of black currants, black plums, cedar and potters clay, and white pepper with a supple, vibrant, dry full body and a peppery, nuanced, long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Big wine with nicely integrated flavors, youthful.
Dark bright brick red color. Lively, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of black currants, leather, mulberries, and toasted oak with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a seamless, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Black as the night smooth and juicy.
Garnet black color. Lively, fruity aromas of mixed berry compote, honeycomb, and delicate spiced nuts with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length berry pie a la mode, cedar, earth, and olive finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A lively red blend with good aging potential.
Nearly opaque black garnet color. Delicate, toasty aromas of blueberry pie a la mode and crispy bacon with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, engaging, breezy vanilla praline, mocha, delicate spice, and marinated carrots finish with well integrated chewy tannins and light oak. A fine silky Syrah.
Bright medium straw green color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of Meyer lemons, grilled bread, lemon grass, and potters clay with a vibrant, dry medium-full body and a sleek, medium-long finish with fruit firm well-integrated tannins and light oak. Seamless flavors - good length and balance.
Brilliant medium brick red color. Fruity, savory toasty buttery aromas of black plums, clarified butter, heather, and sandalwood with a satiny, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a polished, long finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. A very enticing complex wine with everything in balance.
Deep purple color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of berry compote, toffee, and cinnamon rolls with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a tingling, intriguing, medium-length cassis sorbet, chocolate, and spiced nuts finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. A stylish and appealing cabernet that is round and easy.
Deep purple color. Bright aromas of boysenberry pie, floral honey, and earthy nuts with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length spiced apple, toffee, nutskin, and mineral finish with silky tannins and light oak. A tasty, juicy zin that will cover a lot of bases.
Straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of pineapple and praline with a supple, fruity medium body and a smooth, medium-length apple and citrus accented finish. A tasty and well balanced chardonnay with bright fruit and balanced oak.
Golden straw color. Delicate, creamy, fruity aromas of mango papaya custard, plantain chips, and praline with a silky, off-dry light-to-medium body and a silky, charming, medium-length apple sauce, spiced melon, strawberry, and mint finish with no oak. A fun and lively off-dry sipper that will be fun to pair with.
Dark ruby black color. Bright, earthy, fruity aromas of grilled cherries and wild strawberries, chocolate nuts, and delicate spices and herbs with an oily, crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-length sour cherry jam, ground nuts, and gravel finish with fine, dusty tannins and light oak. An artfully blended red with great acidity for the table.
Ruby color. aromas of chocolate covered berries and praline with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length brown spices, earth, and pepper finish with soft chewy tannins and light oak. A chewy, flavorful red blend.
Bright medium black garnet color. Bright, fruity, roasted aromas of chocolate cherry pie, polished wood, and floral earth with a glycerous, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length sour cherry jam and spiced nuts finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A very tasty and well balanced syrah that is sure to please.
Dark bright black garnet color. Roasted aromas of chocolate nuts, mocha, and blueberry cobbler with a glycerous, racy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-long choke cherry jam, vanilla gelato, and pepper finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A juicy, crowd-pleasing Shiraz-style syrah with great structure as well.
Indigo color. Delicate aromas of chocolate, dried berries, and caramelized bacon with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length craisins, delicate spice, melon, and earth finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A stylish, savory, age worthy red.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Floral, fruity meaty aromas of ripe black currant, violets, tootsie rolls, and white pepper with a chewy, dryish full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet color. Bright, fruity aromas of cranberry cherry sauce and nougat with a silky, tangy, light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy melon and spicy nut brittle finish with no oak. A tangy, refreshing rose for carefree enjoy and lighter fare.
Silvery straw color. Rich, fruity aromas of peach cobbler and flan with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length Meyer lemon sorbet and oak finish with soft tannins and light oak. A delicious and well balanced viognier with lots of varietal character.
Bright medium light garnet color. Aromas of red cherry, cranberry cream, spiced nuts, and dried leaves with a supple, crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, medium-long finish with well, integrated, fruit tannins and light oak. Wonderfully balanced, integrated flavors in an old world 'Cote de Beaune' style.
Golden straw color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of lilacs, pineapples and oranges, and lemon cookie with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, interesting, medium-length spiced apples and peaches, nuts, and lychee finish with silky tannins and light oak. A well rounded and attractive chardonnay with a nice floral character.
Brilliant medium brick red color. Lively, fruity, nutty aromas of blackberries, potters clay, and nut skin with a chewy, puckering, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, brisk finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A chewy and stylish merlot with a great texture.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Lively, attractive, fruity floral aromas of blackcurrants, butter cream, and cedar with an bright, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with well-integrated, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby black color. Delicate, fruity, earthy aromas of chocolate covered berries, pistachio brittle, and earth with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, sour cherries, cedar, pepper, and dried flowers finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A rich and rewarding cabernet franc with nice depth of fruit.
Ruby color. Aromas of dried cherry, cocoa, and earth with a silky, bright, dryish medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length craisin, earth, cedar bark, and exotic watermelon finish with fine tannins and light oak. An elegant and exotically flavorful red.
Pink coral color. Bold, fruity, floral aromas of honeysuckle, apple sauce, lime sorbet, and coconut cream with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length lychee finish with no oak. A fun floral rose that will be great with picnics.
Pale ruby garnet color. Rich, complex, fruity earthy aromas of mulberries, spiced cherries, smoky minerals, and chestnut honey with a glycerous, racy, petillant, off-dry light-to-medium body and a polished, refreshing, breezy pomegranate, cranberry, and grilled blood orange finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A racy combination of tart berry fruit and smoky earthiness that will be great with bbq.
Ruby color. Aromas of spicy berry chutney, olives, grilled pepper, and pencil shavings with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length finish with dusty, woody tannins and moderate oak. A serious, elegantly styled red.
Dull dusty garnet color. Delicate, fruity, savory aromas of currants and raisins and powdered nut cookies with a silky, crisp, dryish medium body and a smooth, charming, breezy beets, dried citrus, vanilla nuts, and dried flowers and cedar finish with fine tannins and light oak. A savory, chewy cab franc with great varietal character.
Bright white gold color. Creamy aromas of tapioca, warm milk, nougat, and apple pie crust with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length parsnip, melon rind, and potato water finish. A subtle and savory sake.
Silver color. Delicate aromas of pineapple, rice cake, and banana with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length sweet cream, radish sprouts, and jicama finish. A flavorful ginjo with good impact and warmth.
White gold color. Mild, fruity, grainy aromas of overripe pineapple, rice noodles, and spice with a lively, fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, melon, horchata, apple, and wintergreen finish. A racy, exotically flavorful ginjo.
White gold color. Muted, buttery, meaty aromas of sweet cheese rind and radish sprouts with a satiny, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length raw sweet potato, coconut water, and fleur de sel finish. A vivacious and nicely balanced sake.
Garnet color. Aromas of coconut macaroon, roasted nuts, and chocolate cherries with a supple, crisp, dryish medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length craisin, cedar, earth, and beets finish with moderate oak. A nicely oaked, chewy, savory red.
Deep purple color. Delicate, creamy, fruity aromas of berry custard, nut brittle, and delicate herbs and spices with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, appealing, medium-length chocolate berries, nutskin, and earth finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A well balanced and robust red with an elegant balance.
Bright medium straw green color. Delicate, interesting aromas of pickled melon, honeyed nuts, and apricot with a soft, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, nuanced, medium-length lemon-blood orange sorbet finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A vivacious and mouthwatering white wine.
Garnet color. Aromas of black raspberry pie a la mode, toffee, and Montaña de Alicante cherries with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length spiced nuts, cedar bark, and earth finish with dusty tannins and no oak. A delicious, well balanced Spanish red with nice acidity and ageability.
Deep purple color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of chocolate berries, spiced nuts, and mint leaf with an tangy, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length creamy vanilla, cassis, cedar, and earth finish with firm, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A bright, firmly structured red that will excel at the table.
Opaque black garnet color. Delicate, fruity, woody earthy aromas of coconut cream, doughy berry pie crust, pencil, and olive skin with an oily, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-length chocolate craisins and nuts, sour cherry, blood orange, and top soil finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A vibrant red with nicely compacted flavors and structure; this will age well.
Bright ruby garnet color. Lively, fruity, floral aromas of spiced cherries, watermelon sorbet, and orange blossoms with a supple, tangy, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and an interesting, medium-length blood oranges finish with fruit tannins. A fun and flavorful packed off-dry red sparkler.
Emerald straw color. Bright, complex aromas of lemon, nectarine, and nut with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, appealing, medium-length green earth, minerals, and cornichon finish with no oak. A very pure and appetizing albariño with fine balance and a nice sense of place.
Garnet black color. Bright, creamy, fruity aromas of blackberry cream pie and toffee with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, amusing, medium-long mocha, caramelized bacon, apple, and forest floor finish with medium, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A stylishly oak red with lots of fun flavors and structure.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, inviting, jammy aromas of spicy berry pie and almond nougat with a soft, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, engaging, medium-long cherry jam and vanilla finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A juicy and satisfying red.
Ruby color. Aromas of blueberry cobbler, rich baking spices, chocolate, and pressed flowers with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long citrus, melon, green apple, and potpourri finish with fine, crunchy, fruit tannins. A well balanced, nicely dry, table friendly fruit wine.
Pale dusty sunburst amber color. Bright, fruity aromas of fresh raspberries and honey buttered toast with a glycerous, crisp, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a sleek, delightful, medium-length finish. A delicious after dinner berry flavored mead.
Pale light clear brilliant silvery color. Bright, minty aromas of wintergreen, cream cheese, and spicy baked fruits with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length alpine herbs and ginger finish. A delicious and elegant mead.
Bright golden straw color. Bright, attractive aromas of apple pie, pineapple, and nougat with an even, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length lemon, honeyed green apples, and minerals finish with fruit tannins. A clean, attractive, well balanced sparkler.
Salmon orange color. Delicate, toasty, nutty aromas of nut brittle and dried peach and mango with a supple, tangy, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long beet, blood orange and pomelo, straw, and minerals finish with fine, fruit tannins. A nicely layered and appetizing savory sparkler that will shine at the table.
Garnet black color. Bright, savory, herbal complex aromas of marinated tomatoes and root vegetables, buttery roasted nuts, coconut husk, and latex with a silky, soft, dryish medium body and an effortless, medium-length dried berries, cedar, and mocha toffee finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A silky flavorful table companion.
Garnet black color. Lively, nutty aromas of butter roasted nuts, chocolate berries, and pencil shavings with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a stimulating, medium-length nutskin, spice, and flower patch finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A nicely aged and wood accented cabernet franc.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Aromas of black currants, black cherries, cedar, and toasted yeast with a chewy, vibrant, dry full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet black color. Mild aromas of chocolate and toasted nuts with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and an interesting, medium-length blueberry pie a la mode and nuts finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A pure and tasty everyday red wine that will cover a lot of bases.
Garnet black color. Delicate, toasty aromas of nut brittle, craisins, and hay with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and an interesting, medium-length vanilla cream and roasted nuts finish with silky tannins and light oak. A clean and fruity red with nice use of oak.
Black ruby color. Delicate, attractive aromas of berries, chocolate, and smoked nuts with a satiny, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, breezy vanilla cream and cedar finish with chewy, coating tannins and light oak. A nicely stuffed cabernet that will be even better in a couple of years.
Deep purple color. Mild aromas of baked berries and spiced candied nuts with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length sour cherry, chocolate and vanilla swirl ice custard, and sweet spices finish with silky tannins and light oak. A vibrant and charming red that is sure to please.
Light garnet color. Bright aromas of honey butter and berry danish with a silky, vibrant, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, easy caramel corn, craisin, and vanilla custard finish with fine, silky tannins and light oak. A very different, very creamy and juicy, crowd-pleasing style of cabernet.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, jammy, fruity toasty aromas of ripe blackcurrants, cream di cassis, and gravel with a chewy, puckering, dry full body and a warming, interesting, brisk finish with firm, dusty tannins and moderate oak.
Black violet color. Bright, interesting, spicy aromas of berry chutney, chocolate mint, and herbs with a silky, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, amusing, snappy cassis jam on buttered toast, yams, and earth finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A concentrated, layered cabernet that will improve with age.
Bright dark dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of black plums, mulberries, leather, and mint leaf with a vibrant, dry full body and a peppery, complex, brisk finish with firm, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright dark garnet black color. Fruity, earthy toasty aromas of spiced blackberries, suede, salinity/minerality, and melba toast/light reductive note with a lively, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Delicate, fruity, nutty aromas of damsom plums, toasted walnut skin, spiced berries, and cream with a bright, full body and a smooth, long finish with well-integrated, firm, fruit tannins and light oak.
Garnet black color. Mild aromas of nuts and dried berries with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a seamless, refreshing, breezy cassis jam and spiced chocolate finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A tasty and appetizing merlot.
Dusty garnet color. Bright, complex aromas of chocolate nuts, spices and herbs, berry tart, and tree bark and twigs with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a sleek, delightful, medium-long tomato chutney, dried berries, oak, and earth finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A lively earthy merlot that will shine at the table.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of black currants, plums pomegranate, leather, and clay with an tart, dry full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with firm, crunchy tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet black color. Bright, attractive aromas of blueberry cobbler, caramelized bacon, and chocolate toffee with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, stimulating, medium-length apple pie and roasted nuts finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and light oak. A tasty, appetizing red blend that will pair nicely.
Brick red color. Bright, attractive aromas of chocolate berries and cherries, toffee, and cedar with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a sleek, easy delicate spice, nougat, and coconut buttercream finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nice crowd pleasing cabernet.
Ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas of berry pie a la mode and vanilla toffee with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a silky, appealing, medium-length nuts, spice, and cedar finish with moderate oak. A juicy, crowd pleasing red.
Indigo color. Lively aromas of coffee buttercream and berry pie crust with a silky, crisp, dryish medium body and a seamless, charming, gherkin, nutskin, and pepper finish with soft, chewy tannins and light oak. A rich, interesting wine that will pair well with grilled meats.
Opaque black garnet color. Lively, attractive aromas of creamy vanilla, berry tart, and chocolate mint with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, amusing, medium-long spicy pomegranate chutney, roasted nuts, and earth finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A rich and brood red that will improve with age.
Bright dark burnt sienna color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of ripe black currants, wine gums, purple gummy bears, cedar, and turned earth with a supple, bright, dryish full body and a warming, involved, long finish with fine, firm, well-integrated, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium brick red color. Lively, fruity, sweaty earthy aromas of ripe mulberries, sweaty saddle leather, salinity, and chalk with a bright, dry-yet-fruity full body and a peppery, complex, quick finish with chewy, firm tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright dark brown brick red color. Earthy, fruity toasty aromas of ripe mulberries, saddle leather, cassis mocha, and white pepper phosphate with a creamy, vibrant, dry full body and a warming, long finish with silky, well-integrated, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium golden yellow color. Bright, fruity, floral citrusy aromas of honey crisp apple, lemon meringue, white flowers, and dried apricots with a silky, crisp, sweet medium-full body and a smooth, long finish with no tannins and no oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of toffee, mocha fudge, berry tart, and pickling spices with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length currant, herbs, and menthol mint finish with crunchy tannins. A crisp, fruity and layered cabernet with nice spiciness.
Violet color. Lively, herbal, fruity savory aromas of cranberry jam on toast and cornichon with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, amusing, medium-length toffee, cream, and baking spices finish with silky tannins and light oak. A supple, effortless wine that is sure to please.
Ruby color. Bright, interesting aromas of waxy honeycomb, pickle, and dried blueberries with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy craisin, blood orange, eucalyptus, and vanilla nut finish with well-integrated, fine tannins and light oak. A smooth, savory, herbal cabernet that will be great with spicy meat dishes.
Garnet black color. Bright, fruity, herbal aromas of dried berries, olives, and chocolate mint with a silky, bright, dryish medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length craisin, roasted carrot, and earth finish with light oak. A delicious and elegant carmenere.
Ruby color. Aromas of black currants, plums, olives, and gravel with a chewy, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, brisk finish with firm, fruit tannins and light oak.
Violet color. Bright, spicy aromas of cassis pie, menthol mint, and chocolate with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an even, interesting, medium-length marinated cucumber, cedar, dried meat, and nuts finish with chewy, fine tannins and light oak.
Deep purple color. Mild aromas of cocoa, spiced berries, and olive tapenade with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length roasted nuts, earth, eucalyptus, and dried meat finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. An artfully blended and refreshing red that will pair beautifully with beef.
Ruby black color. Bright, attractive, fruity aromas of spiced red berries, roasted nut brittle, honeyed herbs, and green olive with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, engaging, breezy craisin, cocoa, and dried meat finish with silky tannins and no oak. A very smooth and refreshing red that is sure to please.
Violet color. Delicate, fruity aromas of red berries and spiced cherries with a chewy, crisp, dryish body and an effortless, stimulating, medium-length blood orange, tomato, herbs, and pepper finish with light oak. A delicious and balanced, table friendly syrah.
Straw color. Bright, savory aromas of roasted grapefruit and peppers with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length lemon, pickle, and kiwi finish with no oak. A robust and savory sauvignon blanc that will shine with foods.
Bright medium bright gold color. Fruity, citrusy savory spicy aromas of roasted pineapples, honey crisp apples, and lemon custard with a supple, vibrant, sweet full body and a peppery, long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Garnet black color. Delicate aromas of vanilla custard, berries on the bush, and pencil shavings with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length cranberry relish, spiced yams, earth, and smoked nuts finish with moderate oak. A nice earthy red that will be great with game.
Ruby color. Aromas of blueberry pie a la mode and buttery toffee and caramel corn with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, easy sour cherry, milk chocolate, and sour apple finish with soft tannins and light oak. A delicious, balanced, old world styled red.
Ruby color. Aromas of chocolate caramel bar and berry buttercream with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length sour cherry, boysenberry creme brulee, and cedar finish with silky, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A zesty and refreshing red that will be great at the table.
Gold color. Aromas of honeysuckle and tropical fruit medley with a silky, vibrant, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, elegant, medium-length melon, exotic citrus, and nougat finish with fine tannins and light oak. A lively, lightly floral,very attractive sipper.
Opaque violet color. Rich, inviting aromas of coffee gelato, toasty berry pie, and caramelized bacon with a satiny, crisp, dryish medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-long craisin and pepper finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A toothsome, spicy and meaty syrah with lots character and pizzazz.
Garnet color. Aromas of boysenberry jam on toast, gherkin, and toffee with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and an even, delightful, medium-length craisin, roasted nuts, carrot, and spice finish with fine, silky tannins and light oak. A juicy, lively malbec with a nice sense of place.
Yellow color. Aromas of honeysuckle, pineapple, guava, and white roses with a satiny, soft, dry medium body and a graceful, appealing, crisp white peach, guava, rose water, and white grapefruit finish with no tannins and no oak. Bright and lively torrontes, a summer bouquet in a glass with just the right amount of fruit to balance out the floral aroma.
Ruby color. Aromas of black raspberry, crushed plum, vanilla, and boysenberry with a slightly chewy, tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, intricate, medium-long blackberry, crushed plum, vanilla, and roast meat finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Rich and bold with a meaty quality and well-integrated chewy tannins, full of dense, dark fruit that balances well with the generous oak.
Opaque black garnet color. Delicate, fruity, spicy herbal aromas of blueberry pie and eucalyptus with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity body and a smooth, refreshing, medium-length praline and creme brulee finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A robust, fruity, spicy treat.
Violet color. Aromas of raspberry, plum, cocoa, and bramble with a round, tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long cherry, lingonberry, crushed plum, and vanilla finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Tasty juicy fruit is well balanced with medium tannins, bramble, cocoa and a note of bramble.
Violet color. Aromas of black raspberry, boysenberry, vanilla, and plum with a chewy, soft, dry medium-full body and a smooth, intriguing, medium-length blackberry, crushed cherry, plum, and vanilla finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Rich and satisfying, packed with juicy fruit and soft tannins.
Pale white gold color. Delicate, attractive aromas of nectarine and pickled melon rind with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, appealing, breezy apple, clementine, and minerals finish with light oak. A beautiful, delicately fruity pinot gris.
Garnet black color. Spicy, herbal aromas of eucalyptus, berry chutney, and chocolate mint with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length craisin, cocoa, and dusty earth finish with soft, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A rather complex, juicy cabernet that will be great at the table.
Dark color. Bold, fruity, oaky rustic spicy aromas of black currant, mocha, vanilla-spice, and black cherry with a chewy, lively, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long mocha, roasted plums, vanilla, and cinnamon finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. Rich, chewy roasted dark fruit and vanilla couple with chewy tannins and rustic acidity to create a mouthful of flavor ready to throw at boldly flavored cooking.
Black violet color. Oaky, jammy fruity toasty aromas of cherry braised short ribs, campfire, vanilla bean, and black plum jam with an bright, dry medium-full body and a warming, intricate, medium-long black cherry, roast brisket, plum jam, dark, and rich soil finish with earthy, chewy tannins and heavy oak. Bold, rustic and jammy, chock full of meaty cherry, plum jam and vanilla with a bold earthiness that is in check due to the generous fruit in this black garnet giant of a blend.
Yellow color. Aromas of lemon, jalapeno, and green apple with a lean, crisp, dry medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long juicy melon, fresh chilies, lemon, and nectarine finish with no tannins and no oak. Bright, crisp, lively and vibrant with a broad array of flavors and aromas from white peach to fresh jalapeno.
Black ruby color. Bright, spicy, herbal aromas of spiced cherries, toffee, chocolate mint, and bison grass with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length craisin and sundried tomato, nuts, cocoa, and sandalwood incense finish with moderate oak. A lovely, dry,old world styled cabernet with intriguing savory nuances of flavor.
Light bright gold color. Bold, fruity, funky exotic nutty aromas of cashew butter, vanilla, preserved pineapple, and herby minerality with a creamy, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, involved, medium-long roasted pineapple, toasted nuts, wet stones, and preserved lemon finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Fascinating layers of toasted nuts, preserved fruit, intense minerality, vanilla and mountain herbs that keeps the oak barrel and fruit in balance on this flavor and aroma journey in a glass.
Yellow color. Aromas of pineapple, honeysuckle, nectarine, and creek stones with a silky, vibrant, off-dry light-to-medium body and an even, captivating, medium-length white pineapple, sweet grapefruit, nectarine, and granite finish with no tannins and no oak. Vibrant layers of luscious fruit are in perfect balance with zippy acidity and a layer of complex minerality throughout.
Ruby color. Aromas of black raspberry, blood orange, fennel, and pomegranate with a silky, shy, moderately sweet light body and a smooth, delightful, crisp cherry, raspberry, plum, and Italian sausage finish with no tannins and no oak. A bit like a lambrusca, but without the brightness, loads of red fruit and a light and interesting savory element of fennel.
Ruby black color. Muted aromas of dried berries and tar with a supple, bright, dryish body and a breezy wood smoke finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A pure, classic well aged Italian red.
Bright color. Bright, fruity, exotic minerally aromas of cherry, toasty vanilla, blood orange, and spice shop with a velvety, racy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, very long blood orange, pure cherry, kalamata, and veal jus finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A multifaceted wine that is lean and crisp on one side while being massively aromatic and flavorful with lightly rustic tannins, exotic aromas of spice shop, blood orange and vanilla with a massively savory finish coupling kalamata olive with sumac.
Dusty dark color. Jammy, fruity exotic meaty aromas of black raspberry, coffee roasted brisket, exotic spice, and grilled orange with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, long roasted plum, leather, grilled blood orange, and cherry nougat finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Massively complex and rustic with multiple layers of rich fruit, leather, exotic spice, grilled citrus, matsutaki mushrooms and roast beef fondant finishing long and chewy with a acidity that brings you back for another sip..and another.
Ruby black color. Bright, attractive aromas of wildflower honeycomb, exotic cherry compote, and brown spices with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length nuts, earth, tomatoes, and beets finish with light oak. A precise, savory and expressive Chianti that will shine at the table.
Ruby color. Aromas of dried cherry, roasted cashews, dried strawberry, and black licorice with a soft, bright, dry medium body and a smooth, subtle, medium-length dried cherry, grilled orange, vanilla, and earthy finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. The enchanting nose leads to silky tannins, good balance and inviting flavors with a hint of cherries and grilled orange with a touch of oak.
Golden straw color. Bright, attractive, tropical aromas of creme brulee and fruit tart with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, intriguing, snappy lime and apple finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and light oak. A super smooth and pure white sipper.
Neon Siam color. Bold, fruity, jammy aromas of strawberry shortcake, cherry cobbler, raspberry jam, and fruit roll-ups with an soft, very sweet medium body and a graceful, compelling, cheery candied violets, fruit loops, cherries jubilee, and mapled blueberries finish with no tannins. Red fruit cocktail in liquid form with an interesting candied violet note.
Clear pale steely pink color. Bright, fruity aromas of dried and baked peaches with a silky, bright, sweet medium body and a polished, interesting, buoyant finish. A fun, not too sweet, peachy dessert wine that will be great with cheeses.
Medium minutely hazy color. Fruity, earthy aromas of cherry, black currant, dark soil, and vanilla with a creamy, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a graceful, elegant, medium-long cherry jam, cola nut, fraise des bois, and baking spice finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Exceptionally well-balanced with lovely dark cherry and currant flavors that are coupled with rich earth, cola, wild forest berries and a combination of well structured tannins and oak that keeps you coming back for more.
Nearly opaque black garnet color. Mild, fruity aromas of dried cherries, chocolate cream cookie, delicate spice, and olive with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and a sleek, complex, medium-length spiced nuts, apple skin, and clementine finish with light oak. A bright and refreshing cabernet that is sure to please and very versatile.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Bold, fruity, floral toasty jammy aromas of spiced mulberries, mocha, plum jam, and cedar with a vibrant, dry full body and a warming, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Bright medium garnet black color. Lively, attractive, meaty aromas of caramelized bacon, berry tart, and nuts with an even, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length sour cherry, toasted coconut, and mocha finish with crunchy, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A vibrant, flavor packed merlot that is pleasure to drink.
Light color. Exotic, elegant fruity complex aromas of wild raspberry, cherry compote, vanilla, and baking spice with an tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, layered, medium-long currant, cherry skin, mocha, and vanilla-spice cake finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Rich and textured with a densely cherry-berry core that beautifully complements the perfectly manicured oak, the intriguing wild raspberry on the nose and the chewy tannins on the finish.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Bright, fruity aromas of blackberries, chocolate saltwater taffy, plums, and dried violets with a supple, bright, dry full body and a polished, long finish with firm, well-integrated, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of spiced berries, plum gelato, and jasmine with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length nuts, blood orange, and minerals finish with fine, fruit tannins. A very refreshing, precise and balanced merlot for all occasions.
Medium bright color. Fruity aromas of red cherry, boysenberry, dried herbs, and vanilla with a bright, dry medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-length cherry, dried herbs, blackberry, and pomegranate finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and round with a touch of dried herb complexity that plays well with the cherry and boysenberry.
Black garnet color. Bright, buttery aromas of toffee, berry tart, mocha, and herbs with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a silky, interesting, crisp eucalyptus honey, almond nougat, and cedar finish with light oak. A smooth, spicy red blend that is sure to please.
Black ruby color. Delicate, interesting aromas of caramelized bacon, berry pie, and spicy vanilla nuts with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a seamless, compelling, medium-length chocolate drizzled fruits and coconut meringue finish with light oak. A fun, vivacious red blend with nice layers attractive flavor.
Garnet black color. Bright, fruity aromas of baked berries and honeyed raisin toast with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length dried berries, mocha, and toffee finish with silky tannins and light oak. A juicy, rock solid, appetizing red for all occasions.
Ruby color. Bright, attractive aromas of berry custard pie, delicate spices, and flan with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a graceful, amusing, medium-length chocolate nuts finish with light oak. A fruity, smooth, and sleek red that is sure to please.
Black garnet color. Bright, attractive, creamy aromas of chocolate nut bar, berry custard pie, and flan with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length cedar finish with silky tannins and light oak. A remarkably juicy and effortlessly drinkable red that is sure to please.
Bright dark bronze color. Bright, fruity, vinous aromas of blackberries, red licorice, damsom plums, and turned earth with a supple, bright, dry full body and a smooth, medium-long finish.
Dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas of cherry compote, chocolate, and roasted nuts with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, compelling, spiced apple and cedar finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid, nicely balanced fruity pinot noir that will cover a lot of bases.
Ruby color. Bright, fruity, elegant interesting aromas of red cherry, wild strawberry, marjoram, and cigar box with a silky, soft, dry light-to-medium body and an even, complex, medium-length cherry, forest berry, dried red apple, and baking spice finish with silky tannins and light oak. Soft and elegant with intriguing herb and cigar box notes framing the silky cherry and berry core with a beautifully balanced finish.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Inviting, fruity toasty aromas of dried cherries, cherry clafoute, red licorice, and planked baked cedar with a supple, bright, dry full body and a sleek, medium-long finish with firm, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright garnet color. Fruity, elegant earthy woody aromas of cherry pit, mushroom, baking spice, and curried plums with a supple, lively, dry medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-length cherry, red plum, exotic spice, and shiitake mushroom finish with silky tannins and light oak. Complex and silky with layers of beautiful cherry and plum along with an exotic spiced mushroom aroma that turns into spiced plum on the palate and long, layered finish.
Ruby color. Aromas of German chocolate cake, dried berries, and candle wax with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length berry chiffon, toffee, and lemon spritzed apple finish with well-integrated, fine tannins and light oak. A robust and very well balanced zinfandel.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Funky, fruity earthy peppery aromas of black raspberries, toasted yeast, mulberries, and black pepper with a tangy, dry full body and a peppery, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium Siam color. Bright, fruity, sweet spicy citrusy aromas of cherry-berry, cherry salt water taffy, lemon curd, and buttered toast with a lively, petillant, dryish medium-to-full body and an effortless, involved, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright yellow straw color. Lively, fruity, floral aromas of peach, white raspberry, wedding cake frosting, and almond cookie with an bright, fizzy, dryish light-to-medium body and an even, interesting, medium-length white peach, dry honey, green apple, and Meyer lemon finish with no tannins and no oak. Crisp and fruity with lush peach and pastry aromas that unfold on the palate dry and fruity with a lovely finish of dried honey.
Yellow straw color. Bright, floral, fruity aromas of honeydew melon, peach custard pie, and honeysuckle with a supple, tangy, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, compelling, medium-length minerals and pickled melon rind finish with no oak. A nicely layered, lightly fruity sparkling wine that drinks like a nice Prosecco.
Bright medium golden yellow color. Bright, inviting, fruity nutty aromas of Fuji apples, fruit cocktail, almond nougat, and salinity with a crisp, dry full body and a polished, involved, medium-length finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A nicely balanced chardonnay with a nice sense of place.
Golden straw color. Bright, attractive, buttery aromas of sautéed apples and pineapple slices with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length honeyed nuts finish with fine tannins and light oak. A very tasty, nicely oaked chardonnay that is sure to please.
Yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity, nutty creamy aromas of spicy apple custard, honeyed nuts, and caramelized pineapples with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a instant nougat and creamy vanilla finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A big, fruity, buttery chardonnay that is sure to please.
Golden straw color. Bright, tropical, floral aromas of toasted mango and coconut, pineapple cake, and apples with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length praline and pickled citrus finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A vibrant, fruity, delicately oaked chardonnay.
Straw green color. Bright, floral aromas of honeysuckle, spiced oranges, and lychee with a silky, bright, off-dry light-to-medium body and a seamless, delightful, easy pineapple gelato and apple sauce finish with no oak. A delicate, very tasty moscato.
Yellow color. Aromas of tangerine, apple, and nutskin with a supple, crisp, fruity body and a polished, crisp lemon ice, melon, and earth finish with no oak. A delicious and vibrant riesling with a nice level of fruit intensity.
Clear light straw green color. Bright, fruity, minerally earthy aromas of peach skin, loess, green apples, and turned earth with an crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright pale straw green color. Fruity, sweaty citrusy aromas of lemon zest, lemon grass, Schweppes bitter lemon, and gravel with a lively, dry medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A study in lemon flavors - '50 shades of lemon'.
Silver color. Bright, fruity aromas of lemon meringue and fruit cocktail with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy melon and sweet cream finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A juicy, delicious sauvignon blanc with balanced acidity.
Emerald straw color. Bright, floral, attractive creamy aromas of papaya custard and pomelo gelato with a satiny, tangy, medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length marinated Meyer lemon, guava, and grassy earth finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A dry, highly polished sauvignon blanc.
Silvery emerald straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of baked peaches, tapioca, and orange almond cake with a silky, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a seamless, breezy citrus, melon, and marinated apples finish with no oak. A nice, dry and sophisticated sauvignon blanc.
Yellow color. Aromas of peach, honey, wool sweater, and white raspberry with a round, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, layered, medium-length nectarine, roasted pineapple, dried honey, and sweet lime finish with no tannins and no oak. The perfect wine when you are in the mood for plenty of lush fruit and complexity that also remains balanced through the dry fruit finish.
Light gold color. Bright, fruity aromas of pineapple custard pie and caramel apples with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, refreshing, medium-length spiced apples and lemon creme brulee finish with silky, fine tannins and light oak. A delicious nicely proportioned chardonnay pleaser.
Bright medium gold color. Delicate, fruity, grainy toasty tropical aromas of ripe pineapples, roasted grains, and potters clay with an crisp, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, interesting, easy finish with firm, earthy tannins and moderate oak.
Golden yellow color. Bright, fruity, oaky aromas of toasty praline and apple tart with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and a seamless, interesting, medium-long pineapple cake, creme brulee, and smoked nuts finish with fine tannins and light oak. A round and welcoming chardonnay with pleasing oakiness.
Silvery emerald straw color. Delicate, citrusy, creamy aromas of citrus custard and ripe apples with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and an effortless, charming, medium-length delicate spice finish with silky tannins. A delicious, lively, and nicely balanced chardonnay.
Golden yellow color. Bright aromas of vanilla nuts and apple pie crust with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, easy lemon curd on Hawaiian bread toast, kiwi, and roasted nuts finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A zesty, nicely oaked chardonnay.
Golden yellow color. Delicate, fruity aromas of nougat, spiced apples, and tree bark with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, interesting, medium-length lemon-lime curd and vanilla cream finish with silky tannins and light oak. A sumptuous nicely balanced chardonnay for all occasions.
Ruby black color. Bright, toasty aromas of coconut custard, grilled berries, and conditioned wood with a silky, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, breezy spicy pickle, marinated beets, and cedar plank finish with light oak. A nice combination of fruity and savory notes in a medium weight oak frame.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Fruity, herbal nutty aromas of spicy black cherry jam, green herbs, toasted chestnuts, and cherry Pez with a tangy, dry full body and a peppery, subtle, medium-length finish with firm, fine, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Dusty light ruby color. Bright, oaky, fruity jammy aromas of toasty vanilla, cherry, spice, and dark cocoa with a satiny, soft, dry medium body and a smooth, refreshing, long blood orange, dried plum, spiced cherry cider, and vanilla finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins. A fascinating and delicious tempranillo with notes of spice, grilled blood orange, bitter chocolate, dried plum and cherry with deliciously chewy tannins on the long finish.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, earthy, fruity jammy toasty aromas of spiced dark cherries, strawberry jam, loess, and cigar wrapper with a crisp, dry full body and a warming, intricate, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, fruity, creamy inviting peppery aromas of ripe mulberries, black currants, milk chocolate mocha, and black pepper with a lively, dry full body and a peppery, elegant, medium-long finish with firm, woody, well-integrated, fine tannins and moderate oak.
Brick red color. Delicate, fruity aromas of mixed berries and nougat with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length cherries, delicate spice, cola, and pepper finish with fine tannins and light oak. A dry, elegant, claret style zin.
Violet color. Delicate aromas of black raspberry, vanilla custard, and toffee with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length berry pie a la mode, cedar, and nutskin finish with chewy, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A vibrant, well oaked zinfandel with nice structure.
Dusty brick red color. Fruity aromas of honeyed berries, toffee, peppercorn muffin, and polished wood with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy chocolate citrus peels, spicy sweet pickle, and cola finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A round, savory and spicy zin.
Bright medium brick red color. Mild, fruity, peppery aromas of black raspberries, briar, mince meat, and black pepper with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry medium-full body and a peppery, interesting, easy finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Bright straw green color. Bright, floral, fruity exotic citrusy aromas of pineapple, Meyer lemon, white peach, and lemon balm with a satiny, lively, dry medium-to-full body and an effortless, complex, medium-length juicy pineapple, sweet lemon - orange zest, mango, and creek stones finish with no tannins and no oak. Bright sweet citrus, lemon and orange, is a theme throughout this refreshing white with loads of peach and pineapple and fresh spring creek stone minerality.
 Sustainable Farming-Demeter Certified 
$13.99. Best Buy.
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright dark deep purple color. Aromas of ripe black currants, damsom plums, chocolate covered raspberries, and sandalwood with a supple, crisp, dry full body and a smooth, distinctive, long finish with firm, well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Violet color. Bright, toasty aromas of chocolate nut fudge, berry custard tart, and spice with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and a tingling, charming, medium-length dried sour cherry, nuts, and earthy herbs finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A appealing easy drinking shiraz with substance.
Silvery straw color. Delicate, elegant, citrusy aromas of citrus custard, honey pastry, and herbs with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, captivating, relaxed lemon, apple, and melon finish with no oak. An elegant and engaging sauvignon blanc.
Bright pale light gold color. Fruity, grassy aromas of lemon grass, crenshaw melon, dried herbs - mint, and lemon pith with an bright, dryish full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with fine, fruit tannins.
Garnet black color. Interesting aromas of fresh brewed coffee, olives, spiced cherries, and grilled peppers with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, amusing, medium-length mocha candy, creme brulee, nutskin, and mint finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A very herbal, very roasty red blend.
Bright dark garnet black color. Lively, fruity, funky toasty jammy aromas of blackberries, chocolate covered raspberries, dried herbs, and sandalwood with an crisp, dryish full body and a warming, charming, medium-length finish with firm, medium, well-integrated, fine tannins and moderate oak.
Light dusty garnet color. Rich, fruity, complex earthy mature aromas of sun dried wild raspberries, honey baked ham, washed rind cheese board, and fine leather furniture with a supple, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a silky, medium-long cherry compote, wood ash, autumn leaves, and vanilla tea cake finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Layers upon layers of complex aromas and flavors unfold from dried cherry to fine leather to honey baked ham, all beautifully framed with silky tannins, perfect acidity and a long, savory finish.
Nearly opaque black garnet color. Mild, fruity, oaky aromas of chocolate berries, sandalwood, and spicy pumpkin tart with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length vanilla nuts, earth, gherkin, and cedar finish with crunchy, coating tannins and moderate oak. A nicely structured, well-balanced Napa cab that will cover a lot of bases.
Golden straw color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of white blossoms, spiced mangos and papayas, and nut flour with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length slaw, salted nuts, roasted citrus, and olive finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A wonderfully savory and appetizing white wine.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Light brick red color. Bright, vinous, fruity elegant earthy aromas of dried wild raspberry, blood orange zest, forest floor, and leather with a satiny, vibrant, dry medium body and a polished, layered, medium-long boysenberry jam, grilled blood peach, cigar box, and vintage book finish with well-integrated, silky tannins and light oak. Long and complex and perfect for drinking now with its lush tannins beautifully framing dried cherry, wild berry, plum skin and cigar box notes along with a savory and toothsome finish.
Burnt sienna color. Bright, fruity, exotic jammy vinous aromas of black raspberry, plum jelly, red licorice, and pomegranate with a creamy, tangy, dry medium body and a smooth, layered, medium-long raspberry, pomegranate, chocolate covered blood orange, and roast tenderloin finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Lush and juicy while at the same time quite vinous with layers of fruit, olives, vanilla, dried berries, roast meat and forest floor.
Medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, nutty toasty aromas of dark cherries, spiced blackberries, mocha, and black pepper with a lively, dry full body and a peppery, subtle, medium-length finish with firm, fine tannins and light oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Fruity, nutty, toasty aromas of ripe spiced black cherries, damson plums, roasted chestnuts, and red licorice with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, refreshing, medium-long finish with silky tannins and light oak.
Black ruby color. Delicate, fruity, herbal aromas of baked berries, honey, and pickling spices with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length vanilla nuts, blackberry pie, cedar, and minerals finish with well integrated chewy tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid red with a nice sense of place.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet violet color. Creamy aromas and flavors of cherry vanilla gelato, nougat, and buttercream with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length finish conveying nuances of root vegetable, dried berries, cedar, and over dried tomatoes with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A solid dry red for the table.
Garnet violet black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of butter sautéed nuts and berry tart with a silky, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and an engaging, medium-length finish that shows touches of creme brulee, currants, mocha, and cedar with chewy tannins. A nice steak cab; give this some time and it will improve.
Opaque garnet violet black color. Inviting, complex aromas and flavors of boysenberry, cherries, and floral honey with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, appealing finish manifesting suggestions of coconut, nuts, cedar, and berry vinaigrette with leafy tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid tempranillo that is drinking well now.
Bright medium garnet blue violet color. Bright, complex aromas and flavors of cassis, mince meat, pine cones, and potters clay with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a mildly astringent, interesting, medium-length finish with suggestions of eucalyptus, blueberry, and menthol with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet color. Aromas of black raspberry, crushed boysenberry, plum jam, and vanilla with a creamy, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length cherry jam, plum compote, black raspberry, and fig Newton finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. Jam packed with juicy black raspberry, this malbec delivers with unctuous fruit, vanilla extract and soft tannins.
Golden straw color. Delicate, attractive aromas and flavors of exotic blossoms and tropical fruits and spiced apples and pears with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length finish conveying notes of steely and fuel-like minerals and melon sorbet with no oak. A zesty and poised white that will shine with seafood.
Silvery straw color. Delicate aromas and flavors of spiced apples and peaches with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light body and an interesting, medium-length finish revealing notes of minerals and green pineapple with fruit tannins and no oak. A very nice and precise white.
Ruby color. Aromas of cherry skin, black tilled soil, blackberry, and dark spice with a slightly chewy, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long black currants, grilled cherry, spiced vanilla, and dark earth finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Chewy tannins go perfectly with notes of grilled cherry, currants and spicy sweet oak.
Garnet violet black color. Attractive aromas and flavors of chocolate covered prunes and dried berries and cherries with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, refreshing, medium-length finish that exhibits notes of toffee, cedar, and pepper spice with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A big and bright Rhone blend with lots of dried and juicy fruit.
Yellow color. Delicate, toasty aromas and flavors of baked peach, nut brittle, and melon sorbet with a silky, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, intriguing, medium-length finish with notes of honeyed lime. A very nice zesty pinot grigio that will be great with spicy dishes.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of pickle, sautéed nuts, cherry tobacco, and berry chutney with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a charming, medium-length cedar, cassis, and vanilla finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid Napa cab.
Bright pale straw emerald color. Complex aromas and flavors of green apples, lime blossoms, bushel baskets, and limes with a supple, tart, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, compelling finish with firm tannins and heavy oak.
Bright clear straw emerald color. Complex aromas and flavors of tutti frutti ice cream, honey crisp apples, light bread crust, and lemon sweet tart with a lively, fruity full body and a smooth, long finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A real fruit bomb of a wine, needs equally fruit driven cuisine.
Golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of pear custard tart and pineapple yogurt with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a polished, amusing, medium-length finish with notes of citrus and delicate peppery spice with fruit tannins.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright dark garnet violet color. Complex aromas and flavors of cassis, red flowers and spring water, charcoal wood smoke, and silly putty - clay with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark garnet violet color. Complex aromas and flavors of dark fruits, roasted black currants, black olives, and nice toasty oak with a tannic, crisp, dry-yet-fruity full body and a mildly astringent, complex, medium-long finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark ruby blue violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of candied violets, black currants, suede, and dried leaves with a chewy, crisp, dry medium-full body and a subtle, medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Opaque bright dark ruby blue color. Complex aromas and flavors of candied violets, ripe black currants, and green olives with a lightly tannic, lively, dry full body and a warming, subtle, medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Interesting aromas and flavors of mincemeat pie, chocolate, and olive tapenade with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, intriguing, medium-length finish with notes of cassis tart, vanilla cream, and nuts with firm tannins and moderate oak. A rich cabernet that could use a bit of time.
Garnet black color. Delicate, toasty aromas and flavors of berry pastry and chocolate roasted nuts with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, medium-length finish that exhibits notes of chocolate cherries, delicate spices, cedar, and eucalyptus honey with woody tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid cabernet for all occasions.
Garnet black color. Bright, inviting aromas and flavors of mocha, sour cherry tart, olive, and clay with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length finish displaying notes of chocolate dried blueberries, spiced nut, and cocoa. A lovely red that offers pleasure and balance.
Golden straw color. Bright aromas of honeyed citrus with a silky, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, charming, medium-length lemon curd on biscuit, orange sorbet, and spiced apple finish. A very tasty, fruity sparkler.
Golden silver color. Lively aromas and flavors of honeyed apple, pineapple sauce, and lemon curd with a silky, crisp, light-to-medium body and a smooth, delightful, breezy finish with no oak. A nice zesty Chardonnay with a silky texture.
Garnet black violet color. Attractive, toasty aromas and flavors of smoked bacon and berry pie crust with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, refreshing, medium-length finish that shows notes of cedar, cocoa, and earth with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A well made, age worthy red blend.
Yellow color. Aromas of mango-papaya relish and meringue with a crisp, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a stimulating, medium-length honeyed melon and clementine finish. A tasty, balanced, crowd-pleasing sparkler.
Pale silvery straw color. Rich, floral aromas and flavors of orange blossom honey, peach sorbet, and guava with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, medium-length finish with notes of tropical fruit salad, watermelon, and hint of bubblegum. A jazzy off-dry sparkler.
Garnet violet color. Interesting aromas of dried berries, bacon fat, mocha cream, and limestone with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a delightful, breezy bubblegum spices, pomegranate, sandalwood incense, and blood orange finish with earthy tannins and moderate oak. A complex, appealing red blend that is reminiscent of a Chinon and could perhaps use a bit more time.
Garnet color. Aromas and flavors of smoked berries, pencil shavings, and savory herbs with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and an engaging, medium-length finish revealing overtones of cranberry, reduced lemon, brown spices, and praline with crunchy tannins and light oak. A zesty red blend with table friendly acidity.
Ruby black color. Lively aromas and flavors of chocolate covered berries and nuts, sweet spices, and pickled cherry relish with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish manifesting overtones of pomegranate-cassis jam and honeyed spiced apples with chewy tannins and light oak. A very tasty, broad-shouldered red blend.
Dark garnet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of roasted cherries, marinated beets, and pink peppercorn with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, relaxed finish imparting notes of brown spices, red licorice, carrot skin, and cedar with fine tannins and light oak. A nice savory pinot noir.
Bright dark ruby blue violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of ripe mulberries, purple wine gums, caramel, and turned earth with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a warming, refreshing, medium-length finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright opaque dark garnet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of blackberries, toasted nutty yeastiness, pomegranates, and white pepper with a lively, dry full body and a warming, complex, long finish.
Golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of roasted tropical fruits, apple sauce, and mint cream with a supple, crisp, fruity medium body and an interesting, medium-length finish with accents of lemon curd, spiced melon, and mango chutney with light oak. A very tasty and refreshing chardonnay.
Golden silver color. Lively aromas of coconut, vanilla beeswax candle, and warm peach cobbler with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a seamless, delightful, medium-length yellow apple, green pineapple, and pepper finish with light oak. A juicy, fruity viognier that will cover a lot of bases.
Garnet color. Aromas and flavors of potpourri, honey cream, cherries, and fancy milled soap with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length finish that presents shades of nuts, mocha, and blood orange with moderate oak. A tasty, layered red that will do well at the table.
Brick red ruby color. Interesting aromas and flavors of honeycomb, pickled melon rind, nettles, and berry vinaigrette with a supple, tangy, fruity medium body and a sleek, compelling finish conveying suggestions of pomegranate, cocoa dusted plums, nutshell, and peppery spices. A decidedly different merlot for the table.
Pale salmon gold color. Aromas and flavors of cherry custard pie, dreamsicle, and fruit stems with a supple, tangy, fruity medium body and a tingling, medium-length finish that shows suggestions of green herbs, gingerbread, and honey. A nice savory sparkler that will go well with a broad range of foods.
Golden yellow color. Bright aromas and flavors of apple custard tart, pineapple cake, and white chocolate mint with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish that presents accents of toasted panettone and citrus marmalade. A fun, fruit-driven sparkler that is sure to please.
Pale silvery straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of honeyed peaches, green apples, and carnation with a supple, tart, dry-yet-fruity body and a compelling, medium-length finish conveying impressions of nougat, chalk, lime zest, and almond cookie with fruit tannins. A very appetizing, mouthwatering riesling with great table appeal.
Ruby color. Rich, interesting aromas and flavors of chocolate espresso beans, candied cherries, dark roasted nuts, and flower patch with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, refreshing, medium-length finish that exhibits touches of tomatoes on the vine, dolmades, and nutskin with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nice earthy red.
Medium ruby brick red orange color. Lively aromas and flavors of chestnut honey, toffee, and pomegranate-tomato chutney with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an engaging, medium-length finish that presents impressions of cedar, cranberry, nut, and olive skin with barky tannins and moderate oak. A rich, rustic red with firm structure for the table.
Golden straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of waxy apple, passionfruit, and exotic lemon with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, delightful, breezy finish displaying touches of melon, delicate mint, pink pepper, and kiwi with no oak. A fun, subtle yet flavorful white that will be great with seafood.
Garnet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of malted chocolate and cherry gelato with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a crisp finish with accents of pistachio nougat and citrus sorbet with chewy tannins and light oak. A very nice every day sipper or table wine.
Ruby garnet black color. Aromas and flavors of nougat, mocha, mulberries, and sundried tomatoes with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, captivating, breezy finish with impressions of blueberry jam on toast, nuts, and caramel apple with light oak. A mellow, jammy malbec.
Opaque dark violet black color. Aromas of black licorice, baked berries, and herbal honey with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a breezy peppered mulberries, cedar bark, mint, and earth finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A sturdy table companion.
Garnet violet color. Bright, smoky aromas and flavors of blackberry tart, herbs, and pencil shavings with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, captivating, medium-long finish displaying notes of earth, nuts, and pomegranate sorbet with crunchy tannins and light oak. A rock solid red that will be great with steaks.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Opaque bright dark garnet blue color. Attractive, complex aromas and flavors of blackberries, cashmere, mocha pudding, and lignated stems with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry full body and a warming, refreshing, medium-length finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Opaque bright dark ruby blue color. Aromas and flavors of ripe blackberries, saltines, brambly mulberries, and funky turned earth with a tannic, bright, dry full body and a warming, appealing finish with hard tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of sesame candy, walnut nougat, and mulberries with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an interesting, crisp finish revealing shades of craisin, sweet spice, mocha, and cedar with cottony tannins. A nice fruity steak wine with firm tannins.
Garnet black color. Bright, interesting aromas and flavors of borscht, suede, blueberry danish, and pistachio gelato with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, intriguing, medium-length finish that shows suggestions of honeyed cranberry, nutskin, cracked pepper, and mocha toffee with earthy tannins and light oak. A nice and lively table wine.
Garnet violet color. Lively, interesting aromas and flavors of pencil shavings, pickling spices, mulberries, and peppered melon with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a delightful, medium-length finish with notes of blackberries, cherries, chocolate coconut macaroon, and earth with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A fun old world styled wine that drinks a bit like a fruity Cote-du-Rhone.
Ruby color. Rich aromas and flavors of hazelnut nougat, cherry pie, and latte with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting finish revealing suggestions of roasted nuts and mixed berry preserves on toast with chewy tannins and light oak. A lovely, chewy merlot.
Dark hazy garnet color. Earthy aromas and flavors of berry bush, tomato on the vine, dolmades, and chocolate with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and an interesting, medium-length finish imparting touches of sour cherry pie filling, cedar bark, and nut brittle. A bright earthy red that will be good with game and tomato dishes.
Bright dark ruby blue violet color. Attractive, complex, interesting aromas and flavors of black raspberries, bramble, caramel, and black pepper with a chewy, bright, full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet black color. Delicate aromas of fruity caramel, berry tart, and gherkin with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an appealing, medium-length cherry jam on toast, nuts, and earth finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A delicious, zesty, nicely structured red that will cover a lot of bases.
Bright medium clear yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity, toasty aromas of yellow apples, bread crust, lemon bars, and buttercream with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an even, nuanced, medium-long finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. Well balanced, elegantly restrained chardonnay.
Golden straw color. Mild, citrusy, nutty aromas of almond brittle and yellow apple with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length pineapple, citrus, and earth finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A very tasty and versatile chardonnay.
Gold color. Bright, interesting aromas of mocha gelato, caramel apple, praline, and herbs with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a sleek, delightful, medium-length coconut, roasted citrus, vanilla yogurt, and earth finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. An intriguing oak accented chardonnay with subtle nuances of flavor.
Old gold color. Bright, curious aromas of baked papaya and pineapple, warm tapioca, schmaltz cookie, and exotic spices with a body and a polished, stimulating, medium-length mango and white toffee finish with light oak. A very interesting chardonnay with lots of exotic tropical tones.
Light straw color. Delicate, interesting aromas of pineapple yogurt, kiwi, melon, and praline with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, buoyant lemon meringue, green apple, starfruit, and earth finish with light oak. A nice tropical chardonnay with a creamy oak accent.
Bright gold color. Bright, toasty aromas of praline, pineapple cake, delicate spice, and clay with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, elegant, medium-long guava, passionfruit, and lemon curd finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. a very nice chardonnay with lively fruit and bouncy acidity.
Bright light gold color. Rich, attractive, fruity aromas of peach custard pie, pineapple cake, cinnamon apple tart, and buttery caramels with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-length guava, grape blossoms, and delicate spice finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A very fruity, crowd pleasing chardonnay.
Light gold color. Bright, fruity, herbal aromas of dried lemon and pineapple, guava, and thyme with a silky, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, captivating, medium-length grilled pineapple, kiwi, nuts, and mint finish with light oak. A very refreshing and mouthwatering chardonnay.
Gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of pineapple custard and apple sauce with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, interesting, crisp sweet cream, tropical citrus, and nuts finish with light oak. A balanced and refreshing chardonnay in a drier vein.
Opaque dark brick red color. Lively, dense aromas of black currants, banana chip, cherry vinaigrette, and planked cedar with a glycerous, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long blueberries and hint of bouillon finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A charming, Old World red for the table.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright pale light golden straw color. Bright, fruity, inviting savory aromas of peach cobbler, cream, dried straw, and green nectarines with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, long finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A richly textured, complex white for the table.
Bright medium dark violet color. Lively, fruity, spicy interesting aromas of spiced wild cherries, wood smoke, grilled green herbs, and garrigue with a chewy, crisp, bone-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with firm tannins and light oak. Brings one back to the warmth and spice of Spain.
Dark violet color. Bright, fruity aromas of huckleberries and cherry chutney with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and an even, interesting, medium-length cedar, nuts, and minerals finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid tempranillo with very good structure and fruit.
Opaque dark violet color. Bright, fruity aromas of white chocolate, nougat, cherry sauce, and pepper with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length craisin, pomegranate, almond skin, and cedar finish with light oak. A very approachable, fruit driven tempranillo.
Dark garnet color. Bright, smoky aromas of grilled berries and roasted nuts with a supple, tangy, fruity medium body and an effortless, interesting, medium-length blueberries, sour cherry, Asian spices, and cedar finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A juicy, fruity tempranillo with great table appeal.
Dark garnet color. Attractive, fruity aromas of chocolate raisins and cherries and coconut macaroon with a oily, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length vanilla cream, spiced praline, melon, and minerals finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A very tasty and nicely composed red.
Bright clear golden straw color. Delicate, interesting aromas of pickled fruits, flower patch, buttercream, and apple cider with a glycerous, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a silky, intricate, medium-long apple sauce, melon, roasted pineapple, and vanilla custard finish with fine well-integrated tannins and light oak. A nicely balanced chardonnay with a fun savory streak.
Dark garnet color. Bright, fruity, herbal earthy aromas of cranberry-orange bread, candied lavender, chocolate citrus peels, and thyme with a oily, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long chocolate creme brulee and flower patch finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nice juicy, crowd pleasing cabernet.
Bright light ruby amber color. Lively aromas and flavors of roasted cherries and nuts and chestnut honey with a silky, bright, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length finish. A very tasty cherry wine with nice balance and purity.
Bright pale salmon color. Bright, fruity, creamy aromas of cherry custard, strawberry preserves on toast, and twig with a soft, tangy, fruity medium body and a tingling, intriguing, breezy lemon marmalade and pepper finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A snappy, very refreshing rose that will be great with food.
Bright pale medium sunburst amber color. Delicate, fruity, herbal floral aromas of raspberries, heather, sandalwood, and toast with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated tannins and no oak. A very nice understated, stylish wine.
White gold color. Bright, toasty, fruity attractive aromas of ripe cantaloupe and apple tart with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, breezy citrus and sweet cream finish with no oak. A silky, easy drinking white blend that is sure to please.
Silver color. Attractive, exotic aromas of starfruit, pineapple, and nougat with a silky, lively, fruity light-to-medium body and an even, delightful, snappy lime curd and caramel apple finish. A refreshing pinot grigio that is sure to please.
Bright light straw green color. Fruity, nutty savory aromas of stone fruit, dried hay, roasted almonds, and honeysuckle with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a smooth, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A savory complex white for the table.
 Certified Organic-Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
Pale straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of exotic tropical citrus, coconut cream, and delicate spice with a supple, lively, dryish medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length lemon, melon rind, and wheat grass finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A crisp and attractive, dry sauvignon blanc.
Yellow color. Aromas of apples, white blossoms, delicate spicy nougat, and linen with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light body and an interesting, breezy yellow apple, lime, starfruit, and minerals finish with no oak. An elegant, zesty sauvignon blanc with a nice sense of place.
Opaque violet color. Complex, herbal aromas of dried lavender and lemon and cherry-orange custard with a soft, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-length boysenberry jam on toast, roasted apple, and honeyed nuts finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. A flavorful malbec that will pair well with spicy Latin beef dishes.
Nearly opaque violet color. Bright, smoky aromas of roasted nuts, mocha, baked berries, and cedar plank with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, breezy cherry tart and earth finish with moderate oak. A nice fruity and savory merlot for the table.
Bright pale silver pink color. Lively, fruity aromas of tropical citrus punch, strawberry, and delicate flowers with a soft, vibrant, dryish medium body and a tingling, subtle, breezy watermelon and minerals finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A light and lively rose with sassy acidity.
Nearly opaque dark minutely hazy color. Classic, fruity spicy aromas of berry jam with a lightly tannic, crisp, bone-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, swift cassis finish with medium tannins and light oak. A nice tannic syrah.
Bright medium golden straw color. Bright, buttery, fruity aromas of baked apple, spice, and cream with a even, crisp, dry full body and a warming, complex finish with firm tannins and heavy oak. A nice oaky Napa chardonnay.
Bright light gold color. Lively, toasty, buttery aromas of buttercream and apple pie with a silky, crisp, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, breezy roasted nuts, toasted oak, and tangy pineapple finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A very nice, well oaked chardonnay.
Yellow straw color. Lively, fruity aromas of honey roasted pineapple, spiced candied nuts, apple pie, and figs with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a silky, intriguing, medium-length earth finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nicely balanced chardonnay that will cover a lot of bases.
Bright golden yellow color. Rich, toasty, fruity oaky aromas of caramel apples and lemon meringue pie with a soft, crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-long praline, earth, and smoked nuts finish with earthy tannins and moderate oak. A nice oaky chardonnay.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Delicate aromas of nut brittle, honey cream, and hint of diesel with a silky, lively, off-dry body and a smooth, compelling, golden raisin, honeycomb, and candied citrus peel finish.
Nearly opaque garnet color. Bright, toasty, spicy funky aromas of spiced praline, blackberry custard pie, and sandalwood with a velvety, lively, dryish medium body and a tingling, amusing, medium-length craisin and creme brulee finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A tasty, lively, easy drinking cabernet that is sure to please.
Pale light golden straw color. Delicate, creamy aromas of papaya custard and coconut cream with a supple, lively, dryish medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length peach skin, apple, and citrus finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nicely layered and flavorful chardonnay that is sure to please.
Clear straw color. Mild, interesting aromas of old wood and dust with a lean, tart, dry thin body and a tingling, refreshing, quick grapefruit rind finish with no tannins and no oak. A hot weather quaffer, just right for lunch on the water.
Brilliant dusty ruby color. Bright aromas of sour cherries and praline with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, buoyant marinated beets and chocolate finish with fine tannins. A lively and well rounded pinot with a nice savory table appeal.
Dark garnet color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of cherry-cranberry tart, roasted nuts, and delicate herbs with a silky, bright, dryish medium body and a tingling, compelling, medium-length marinated beets and earth finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nice savory pinot for the table.
Bright medium dark garnet color. Fruity, toasty aromas of ripe black cherries, red licorice, dried twigs, and gravel with a lively, medium-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated tannins and light oak. Subtle delightful flavors are in balance, impression of sweetness ties it all together.
Bright dusty garnet color. Bright, attractive, savory aromas of roasted berries and nuts, caramelized bacon, and peppercorns with a supple, vibrant, dryish medium body and a warming, refreshing, medium-long marinated beet and reduced lemon finish with dusty tannins and light oak. A nice, dry, savory pinot for the table.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Aromas of tree bark, red gummy bears - red licorice, dried leaves, and linen with a tangy, medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-length finish with fruit grippy tannins and light oak. Some nice,precise flavors.
Garnet black color. Delicate, creamy aromas of berry creme brulee and almond toffee with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length spiced cherry and apple, cocoa roasted nuts, and citrus marmalade finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A tasty substantial pinot that will improve with a little aging.
Dark ruby color. Creamy fruity aromas of dark cherries, buttercream, and toffee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a gently warming finish with dusty tannins and light oak. A nicely restrained and balanced pinot noir with fine table appeal.
Silvery emerald straw color. Lively, attractive, creamy toasty aromas of peach cobbler, meringue, and lemon cake with a silky, crisp, dryish body and a sleek, intriguing, medium-length finish with no oak. A clean, round and attractive pinot grigio that will be quite versatile.
White gold color. Bright, fruity, nutty aromas of peach custard and nougat with a silky, crisp, fruity light body and a smooth, interesting, citrus and melon finish with no oak. A very nice and snappy pinot grigio that will be great with fish and salads.
Deep purple color. Bright, toasty, meaty aromas of dried berries, chocolate nuts, and jerky with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length nuts and earth finish with crunchy earthy tannins. A rock solid sangiovese with nice chewy tannins.
Bright medium brilliant brick red color. Fruity, toasty aromas of baked cherries, blond tobacco, molten plastic, and crushed stone with a tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Pleasant red made in an old world style.
Garnet black color. Bright, fruity aromas of toffee, dried cherries, and mocha with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy finish with fine tannins and light oak. A juicy, carefree zin.
Ruby black color. Delicate aromas of toffee and flaky berry tart with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length spiced cherries, nuts, and pepper finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A bright, fruity zinfandel with nice structure and warmth.
Black ruby color. Delicate, toasty, nutty aromas of pistachio nut brittle, berry-orange gelato, and clay with a vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, breezy berry custard pie and chestnuts finish with medium tannins and light oak. A juicy, creamy zin.
Dark bright deep purple color. Bright, fruity, toasty peppery earthy aromas of black currants, mocha cream, cedar and potters clay, and white pepper with a supple, lively, dry full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with well integrated fruit tannins and moderate oak. Nice flavors not fruity enough to balance out the tannins.
Bright dark clear black garnet color. Rich, fruity, creamy aromas of black raspberry custard, toffee, peppery pickling spices, and menthol mint with a silky, crisp, dryish medium-full body and a warming, stimulating, medium-length nuts and caramelized carrot finish with medium chewy tannins and moderate oak. A spicy, chewy, dry shiraz that will cover a lot of bases.
Nearly opaque black violet color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of baked berries, orange blossoms, pickled melon, and mulling spices with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length blueberries, chocolate mint, nuts, and roasted root vegetables finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A nice spicy, chewy syrah that will be great with Mediterranean cuisine.
Opaque deep purple color. Bright, fruity, creamy aromas of berry creme brulee, sweet pickling spices, chestnut honey, and bouillon with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a warming, craisin, spice, and earth finish with crunchy tannins. A fruity Napa cab that drinks like a Napa zin.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Bright, earthy, fruity aromas of baked cherries, nut brittle, and mocha with an even, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, appealing, medium-length marinated beets, craisins, cedar, and minerals finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A solid chewy red for the table.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Lively, oaky aromas of chocolate berries, nuts, and cedar with an even, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, distinctive, crisp cherry pit, cocoa-dusted blood oranges, and delicate peppery spices finish with dusty tannins and light oak. A tasty, fruity-yet-earthy red with a nice sense of place.
Ruby color. Aromas of chocolate custard, berry pie a la mode, and praline with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length chocolate orange peel, baking spices, and cedar finish with silky tannins and light oak. A lively, engaging red that will pair well.
Bright clear dark violet color. Rich, roasted aromas of fresh ground coffee, roasted walnuts, and dark chocolate with an even, crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, medium-length dark berry pie crust, caramelized bacon, and earth finish with crunchy tannins and heavy oak. A robustly oaky petite verdot with a lot of roasted character.
Bright medium black ruby color. Delicate, fruity aromas of dried blueberries and cherries, melted toffee, delicate spice, and double mint gum with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tingling, medium-long creamy vanilla, cedar, and peppercorns finish with crunchy, dusty tannins and moderate oak. An attractively juicy, chewy syrah that will be quite versatile.
Garnet black color. Bright, interesting, smoky aromas of peppery chicken mole, dark berry tart, and Playdoh with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long sour cherry jam, spiced apple, and earth finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A warming, appetizing syrah.
Deep purple color. Fruity aromas of baked berries and spiced apples with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity body and a stimulating, medium-length rose water, roasted nuts, and melon finish with dusty tannins and light oak. An interesting syrah for the table that will improve with time.
Bright yellow straw color. Delicate, toasty, creamy aromas of peach custard pie and praline with an oily, vibrant, off-dry medium body and a tingling, medium-length coconut cream, dried citrus, pepper, and leafy earth finish with earthy tannins and moderate oak. A nice, lightly oaked white blend for sipping or the table.
Straw color. Bright aromas of roasted pineapple and apple and vanilla cream with a supple, lively, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length tropical citrus, delicate spice, and nuts finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A vibrant chardonnay with attractive well framed oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of mulberry pastry, pomegranate vinaigrette, and toffee with a velvety, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an effortless, engaging, medium-length marinated beets, cedar, and minerals finish with light oak. A tasty, supple red blend.
Ruby color. Aromas of chestnut honey, pomegranate compote, and dried honeysuckle with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length roasted nuts, cedar, peppercorns, and orange zest finish with fine tannins and light oak. A supple, herbal oak-accented red that will be great at the table.
Clear straw color. Delicate, sweet, inviting aromas of fallen apple, geranium, dried lemon, and melon rind with a glycerous, vibrant, fruity sweet medium body and a sleek, stimulating, medium-length tropical fruit salad, clementine, green apple, and earth finish with soft tannins and no oak. A refreshing and well balanced wine with a lively acidity and a strong core of fruit.
Ruby color. Aromas of dried berries, marinated roasted root vegetables, and leather with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length cedar, roasted nuts, and earth finish with crunchy, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A nicely mature red with an Italian personality and tannins.
Deep purple color. Fruity, floral aromas of dark berry jam, orange blossoms, and pickling spices with a silky, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, intriguing, medium-length pistachio gelato, nutskin, and pepper finish with fine tannins and light oak. A rich and warming cabernet.
Ruby color. Aromas of dried violets, craisin, and leather with a bright, dryish medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium-long olive, peppered nuts, cedar, and minerals finish with dusty, leafy tannins and moderate oak. A nicely poised red that will work great at the table.
Silver color. Mild, fruity aromas of rice pudding, melon, and baked pear with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, interesting, carefree starfruit, papaya, and radish finish. A very tasty and well balanced ginjo.
Hazy silvery straw color. Bright, curious, yeasty aromas of apple and honey Greek yogurt, spicy nougat, and pineapple granola with a supple, crisp, spritzy, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy pineapple custard, apple cider, and golden raisin finish. A tangy, zesty, fruity sparkling sake.
Opaque black garnet color. Bright, attractive aromas of nut brittle, dried berries, mocha cream, and clay with an oily, vibrant, dryish medium-full body and a warming, complex, relaxed cedar planks, spiced cherries, vanilla cream, and earth finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A firm, youthful Spanish red with a lot of stuffing.
Nearly opaque deep purple color. Delicate, fruity, toasty aromas of brown sugar, cracked pepper, berry compote, and mocha with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-length berry skin, pencil shavings, and spiced vanilla cream finish with crunchy, woody tannins and moderate oak. A tangy, lively Spanish red wine that has the structure to evolve and improve.
Opaque black violet color. Lively, baked, jammy aromas of stewed berries, chocolate dried cherry, and spiced peanuts with an oily, crisp, dryish medium-full body and a warming, involved, medium-length cedar dust, grassy earth, and praline finish with dusty, firm tannins and moderate oak. A nicely structured, somewhat mature red that will work well at the table.
Ruby black color. Delicate aromas of chocolate nuts and dried berries with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, amusing, snappy marinated beets, cocoa, and vanilla nuts finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A rich and hearty red that will reward you at the table.
Garnet color. Aromas of berry vinaigrette, spiced nuts, and honey with a silky, bright, dryish medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length pomegranate, earth, and roasted carrot finish with light oak. A savory, mature red with table tuned flavor and structure.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Earthy, floral toasty aromas of ripe black cherries, toasted black walnuts, spiced berries, and dark tobacco with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a warming, medium-long finish with firm, grippy tannins and heavy oak.
Yellow color. Aromas of cheese danish, Meyer lemon, and herbs with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length clementine, green apple, and melon finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A zesty, refreshing white that will be great with food.
Straw green color. Bright, toasty, tropical aromas of coconut cream pie and mango gelato with a tangy, frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, appealing, medium-length lemon tart, nougat, melon, and baking spices finish with no oak. A very nice, tangy, earthy sparkler with a savory, mouthwatering appeal.
Silvery emerald straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of peach-mango relish, nougat, and melon with a supple, vibrant, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, appealing, medium-length watermelon ice and yellow apple finish with no oak. A lively and mouthwatering fruity sparkler that is sure to please.
Silvery straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of pineapple marmalade and strawberry-melon gelato with a supple, lively, effervescent, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a silky, compelling, medium-length finish with fine tannins and no oak. A very tasty and crowd-pleasing off-dry sparkler.
Bright medium clear garnet color. Bright, earthy, fruity toasty aromas of dried cherries, cranberries, toffee, and dried leaves with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, distinctive, medium-length finish with fruit, fine, firm tannins and light oak.
Violet color. Lively, fruity, attractive aromas of berry custard tart and chocolate with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy sour cherry, delicate spices, nutskin, and minerals finish with fine, dusty tannins and light oak. A delicious garnacha with a fine table appeal.
Ruby black color. Lively, fruity aromas of chocolate and raspberry compote with a supple, tangy, fruity sweet medium body and a tingling, relaxed finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A nice tangy berry wine that will play nicely at the table.
Light clear golden straw color. Bright, earthy aromas of honeycomb, dried mango, and dried grass with a velvety, vibrant, moderately sweet medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-long peach cider, white cashew toffee, and toast finish. A solid lightly sweet mead that drinks like an auslese riesling.
Light yellow straw color. Rich, complex, spicy savory aromas of brown spices, sandalwood, fruitcake, and melted honeycomb with a satiny, bright, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length wintermint, gooseberry jam, and smoked paprika finish. A nicely balanced spiced mead.
Pale light ruby color. Delicate, fruity aromas of cherry phosphate and honeyed rye toast with a satiny, soft, petillant, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy chocolate sesame nougat bar finish. A delicious, lively and layered dessert mead with just the right amount of cherry fruit.
Coral orange color. Delicate, fruity aromas of cherries, flowers, creamy nougat, and rubber with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, crisp lime zest, apple, nutskin, and minerals finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A very good dry rose cava with a nice sense of place.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright dark brown brick red color. Lively, fruity, earthy aromas of black currants/cassis, leather, cedar, and turned earth with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry full body and a smooth, distinctive, medium-long finish with fine, firm, well-integrated, fruit tannins and light oak.
Dusty garnet color. Bright, earthy, funky aromas of tomatoes on the vine, spiced mulberries and currants, and barnyard hay with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length spiced carrots, sour cherries, vanilla nuts, and cedar finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. An earthy, spicy, savory cab franc with a nice sense of place.
Bright dark medium dusty garnet color. Fruity, earthy minerally toasty aromas of turned earth, mulberries, dark toffee, and black currants with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a peppery, captivating, easy finish with firm, earthy tannins and moderate oak.
Deep purple color. Lively, interesting aromas of floral honeycomb, chocolate craisin, and raisin bread pudding with a silky, crisp, medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy berry and apple skin, walnut skin, and oak finish with dusty, firm tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Woody, fruity interesting elegant aromas of spiced blackcurrants, buttercream, cedar, and anise with a creamy, vibrant, dry full body and a smooth, layered, medium-long finish with firm, fruit tannins and light oak.
Violet color. Delicate, fruity aromas of currant, wintergreen, and caramelized bacon with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, refreshing, snappy nutskin finish with crunchy, woody tannins. A refreshing, appetizing cab will be even better in a couple of years.
Black garnet color. Delicate, fruity, mature aromas of raisin chutney, plum pie, and spicy vanilla cream with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity body and a tingling, snappy craisin and nutskin finish with chewy, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A nice, savory, Old World styled cabernet.
Black garnet color. Delicate, nutty aromas of chocolate nuts with a satiny, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, engaging, medium-length berry tart and roasted nuts finish with silky tannins and light oak. A juicy, crowd-pleasing red.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, toasty, woody fruity earthy aromas of ripe mulberries, cassis, tree bark, and toasted yeast with a chewy, vibrant, dry full body and a warming, charming finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic ®, Certifed Organic, Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright dark ruby black color. Lively, fruity, interesting spicy woody aromas of spiced blackcurrants, leather, black raspberries, and black pepper with a bright, dry full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of huckleberries, blackcurrants, leather, and butter cream with a bright, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby black color. Delicate, attractive aromas of chocolate nuts and berry pie with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, medium-length vanilla, mocha, and tree bark finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A smooth and juicy everyday sipper.
Dark brown brick red color. Delicate, interesting aromas of sundried tomato, chocolate berries, spiced nuts, and honey with a vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, compelling, medium-length roasted carrot, oak, earth, and nutshells finish with soft tannins and moderate oak. A nice earthy, savory merlot.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, earthy, fruity toasty aromas of red berries, pomegranate, clay, and white pepper with a crisp, dry full body and a peppery, complex, buoyant finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, toasty earthy peppery aromas of spiced currants, plum pits, clay, and white pepper with a bright, dry full body and a peppery, nuanced, medium-long finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Violet color. Bright aromas of waxy chocolate nuts, dark berry pie crust, and pickling spices with a supple, crisp, dryish medium body and a smooth, breezy craisin, vanilla cream, and nutskin finish with crunchy, firm tannins and moderate oak. A concentrated red that will blossom in a few years.
Bright light medium dark garnet color. Lively, fruity, earthy creamy toasty aromas of cherry/berry, dried straw, star anise, and clay with a chewy, crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, interesting, swift finish with firm tannins and light oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright dark ruby black color. Aromas of ripe mulberries, cassis, potters clay, and leather with a chewy, bright, dry full body and a warming, medium-length finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Indigo color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of cranberry chutney, pencil shavings, roasted squash, and linen with a silky, crisp, dryish medium body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length craisin, beef bouillon, and earth finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A fine savory Carmenère that is sure to please.
Ruby black color. Bright, creamy, fruity aromas of berry tart, vanilla cream, olive tapenade, and meat with a supple, crisp, dryish medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length pomegranate, spice, caramelized bacon, and gherkin finish with chewy, firm tannins and heavy oak. A rock solid red with nice table appeal.
Dark brown brick red color. Bright, fruity, toasty earthy nutty aromas of mulberry cobbler, roasted nuts, leather, and turned earth with an crisp, dryish full body and a warming, elegant, medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Aromas of chocolate toffee, buckwheat pancake with berries, and aloe with a supple, tart, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, captivating, medium-length cranberry sauce, nuts, grilled pepper, and earth finish with light oak. A refreshing, mouthwatering red.
Straw color. Citrusy, herbal aromas of grapefruit, sliced green pepper, and tall grass with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, compelling, medium-length kiwi and Meyer lemon finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A delicious and nicely balanced sauvignon blanc with
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Lively, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of wild strawberries, ripe black berries, red licorice, and white pepper with a vibrant, dry full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated, fine tannins and moderate oak.
Black ruby color. Delicate, fruity, toasty aromas of berry pie crust, cedar, and peppery spices with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-long spiced cherries, nutskin, cedar, and earth finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A spicy, nicely oaked cabernet that is sure to please.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Nearly opaque violet color. Bright, fruity aromas of black raspberry jam and honeyed raisin toast with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length spiced nuts, dried blueberries, and eucalyptus incense finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A rock solid shiraz.
Bright medium deep purple color. Bright, roasted aromas of buttered nuts, dark chocolate drizzled berries, and coffee with a soft, tangy, dryish medium-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-length creamy vanilla and herbs finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A nice juicy, crowd pleasing red blend.
Dusty ruby color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of honeyed cherries and spiced melon with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, delightful, medium-length minty herbs, peppercorns, and cedar finish with chewy, fine tannins and light oak. A savory pinot noir with nice complexity.
Garnet color. Aromas of black currant, pencil shavings, cherry skin, and granite with a slightly chewy, lively, dry medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long black currant, morello cherry, rich earth, and cigar box finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Classic Bordeaux over delivers with plenty of black currant, chewy cherry skin, mineral laced cigar box and firm, but integrated tannins all with a complex, balanced finish.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Aromas of cherry, leather, plum, and spice with a slightly chewy, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, intricate, long red currant, dried plum, grilled blood orange, and vintage leather finish with well-integrated, medium tannins and moderate oak. Full of complex layers of fruit and spice with tannins that marry perfectly with the all the beautiful flavors.
Ruby color. Aromas of black raspberry, plum, dried cherry, and papaya with a velvety, soft, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, medium-length currant, plum, rich earth, and vanilla finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. Rich and full with chewy tannins, earthy complexity and a peppery finish.
Dark nearly opaque color. Bold, complex, earthy fruity interesting aromas of black cherry, sweet licorice, bittersweet chocolate, and tar & roses with an bright, dry medium body and a smooth, elegant, medium-long crushed blackberry, licorice, black walnut, and dried cherry finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. From the tar and roses on the nose to the rustic finish, a flavor journey of black cherry, licorice, walnut and mocha is savored on the middle palate.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Aromas of morello cherry, baking spice, vanilla, and blackberry with a soft, bright, dry medium body and an even, complex, medium-long dried cherry, black plum, dark earth, and grilled Seville orange finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Exceptionally well balanced in an elegant style with dried cherry and black plum intermingling with baking spice, a touch of vanilla and a dark, rich earthiness all tied up with soft tannins on the finish.
Straw color. Aromas of red apple, nectarine, river rocks, and white grapefruit with a silky, crisp, bubbly, off-dry light-to-medium body and a polished, compelling, breezy crisp apple, white pineapple, pear, and grapefruit finish with no tannins and no oak. Persistent effervescence with a touch of minerals adds complexity and elegance to bright citrus and sliced pear flavors.
Bright medium light gold color. Bright, fruity, citrusy earthy minerally aromas of Meyer lemon, pears, lemon butter, and gravel with a vibrant, medium-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long finish.
Light Siam color. Lively, fruity aromas of strawberry jam on toast and honeycomb with a silky, sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length honey yogurt finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A vivacious earthy strawberry wine that will be great with cheeses.
Black garnet color. Bright, fruity aromas of dried berries, toffee, and sweet and peppery spices with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length cocoa, nuts, pepper, and earth finish with medium, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A very nice, well balanced Napa cabernet.
Garnet black color. Bright, spicy, fruity aromas of cherry chutney, Mexican chocolate, and honeycomb with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length berry pie a la mode and praline finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A very juicy and fruity merlot that is sure to please.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of black berries, plums, tree bark, and cedar with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a warming, refreshing, brisk finish with chewy, firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium bronze color. Lively, earthy, fruity savory aromas of berry coulis, beef bouillon, violets, and butter cream with a lively, dryish medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish.
Garnet black color. Lively, funky aromas of baked berries, herbs, and spiced citrus with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a sleek, delightful, medium-long honeyed dried cherries, praline, and pepper finish with silky, fine tannins and light oak. A delicious, crowd pleasing red.
Ruby black color. Bright aromas of dried orange and pineapple, spiced berries and cherries, vanilla nuts, and waxy honeycomb with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, appealing, medium-length sweet spice and citrus creme brulee finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and light oak. A rock solid attractively styled red wine.
Garnet black color. Bright, fruity, roasted aromas of berry cobbler and smoked nuts with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length dried cherry, peppery spice, and cedar finish with chewy, firm tannins and moderate oak. A serious, nicely structured red that will shine at the table.
Nearly opaque violet color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of cornichon and blackberry cobbler with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an even, interesting, medium-length finish with fine, silky tannins and light oak. A smooth, well polished red.
Dusty garnet color. Delicate, inviting, fruity spicy aromas of raspberry pie and praline with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, carefree nuts, earth, and cedar finish with fine, dusty tannins and light oak. A smooth and even, easy drinking red.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Fruity, toasty earthy aromas of ripe blackberries, black plums, caramel, and dried twigs - clay with a lively, dry full body and a smooth, distinctive, medium-long finish with well-integrated, firm, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Black garnet color. Lively, fruity, creamy aromas of berry cobbler a la mode and toffee with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, medium-length cedar and roasted nuts and coconut finish with fine tannins and light oak. A plush, fruity, hedonistic treat with a lot of zinfandel jamminess.
Opaque black garnet color. Bright, attractive aromas of praline, chocolate toffee, and berry tart with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a tingling, amusing, medium-length honeyed cherries, spiced apples, and nuts finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A zesty, nicely textured red wine.
Dark garnet color. Mild, smoky aromas of dark roasted nuts, grilled cherries, and honeycomb with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a charming, crisp red berries, blood orange, and earth finish with medium, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A lively and appetizing pinot that will pair nicely with a wide range of dishes.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Inviting, fruity aromas of ripe black cherries, rhubarb custard, dried twigs, and potter clay with a lively, dry medium-full body and a sleek, complex, medium-long finish with well-integrated, fine tannins and light oak.
Bright medium dark garnet color. Mild, earthy, floral toasty aromas of tree bark, dried leaves, dried cherries, and beef stock - au jus with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, elegant, fast finish with firm, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of black plum, lingonberry, raspberry tart, and cocoa with a supple, bright, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length black plum, lingonberry, cherry, and candied raspberry truffle finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and highly approachable with silky tannins, lovely sweet fruit and hint of cocoa.
Ruby color. Aromas of spicy chocolate toffee, toasted meringue, and berries in cream with a body and a warming, interesting, medium-length cinnamon rolls, sour cherry, mint cream, and cedar finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A zesty, well made zinfandel.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Bright aromas of cherry-berry, red raspberries, dried twigs, and gravel with a lively, dry full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak.
Golden yellow color. Delicate, toasty, creamy aromas of nougat, vanilla cream, and roasted apples with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length citrus salad and delicate spice finish with light oak. A scintillatingly flavorful chardonnay.
Bright medium yellow straw color. Fruity, minerally aromas of green apple, loess - volcanic dust, and candied lemon with a tangy, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium golden straw color. Fruity, inviting buttery toasty aromas of caramel apples, vanilla bean, Meyer lemon, and gravel with a supple, bright, dry full body and a smooth, involved, medium-long finish with well-integrated, fine tannins and moderate oak. A supple, well oaked chardonnay with an appealing toasty spiciness.
Light color. Bright, fruity, minerally clean aromas of macintosh apple, heirloom pear, toasty vanilla, and stoney minerality with an bright, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, engaging, medium-long honeycrisp apple, vanilla poached pear, Meyer lemon, and mineral finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. Classic California chardonnay at an exceptional value with just enough sweet vanilla to beautifully complement honeycrisp apple, poached pear and a palate cleansing minerality.
Bright medium color. Aromas of green apple, grilled pineapple, caramel, and gravel with an tangy, dry full body and a smooth, complex, medium-long finish with well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Straw green color. Delicate, floral aromas of lilacs, fruit salad, and apple sauce with a silky, bright, off-dry light-to-medium body and a silky, captivating, breezy finish with no oak. A very nice and fruity, off-dry sipper.
White gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of nectarine and nougat with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy Meyer lemon finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A very tasty and refreshing pinot grigio with nice varietal character.
Bright pale straw green color. Lively aromas of green apples, loess, lemon zest, and dried straw with a tart, dryish medium-to-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Yellow color. Aromas of tea poached pear, lemon tart, candied orange, and mango with a satiny, soft, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, amusing, medium-length golden pineapple, grilled white peach, dried apples, and musk melon finish with no tannins and no oak. Fruit cocktail in a glass, almost to the point of being able to serve as a light dessert, but with just enough acidity to enjoy as a foil to spicy food.
Yellow color. Aromas of praline, baked apple, and lemon Greek yogurt with a lean, tart, dryish light body and a sleek, snappy lemon ice, kiwi, and grassy earth finish with fruit tannins. A very crisp and laser-like riesling for the shellfish.
Clear color. Sweet, fruity floral aromas of golden pineapple, white flowers, candied ginger, and passion fruit with an bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length pineapple, Meyer lemon, sweet, ripe pear, and cantaloupe finish with no tannins and no oak. Classic riesling notes of pineapple, melon and sweet citrus ending on an off dry fruity note.
Light gold color. Bold, fruity, herbal grassy tropical aromas of juicy grapefruit, toasty vanilla, baking spice, and freshly cut grass with a creamy, crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, medium-long pineapple, vanilla, toast, and citrus salad finish with no tannins and moderate oak. This is the perfect sauvignon blanc to convert a chardonnay over to this crisp, food loving grape with this wine's generous, toasty vanilla aroma and flavor framing a mouthful of pineapple and citrus: think new world white Bordeaux.
Straw color. Delicate, interesting aromas of waxy honeycomb, yellow apple, exotic citrus, and nuts with a silky, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a sleek, interesting, relaxed under ripe mango and pomelo finish with no oak. A nice and mellow sauvignon blanc.
Bright light yellow straw color. Bright, citrusy, fruity aromas of Meyer lemon, gooseberries, clarified butter, and grapefruit pith with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, breezy finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A juicy, nicely rounded sauvignon blanc.
Ruby color. Aromas of fraise du bois, raspberry, wild mushroom, and granite with a satiny, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a sleek, complex, medium-long raspberry, plum, shiitake, and baking spice finish with silky, soft tannins and light oak. Elegant and layered with nuanced layers of oak baking spice and minerality, wild forest berries and a hint of mushrooms, all tied together with a long, silky finish.
Light gold color. Lively, toasty, buttery interesting aromas of pineapple puff pastry, spiced nuts, jalapeño corn muffin, and cedar pencil with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and an appealing, medium-length apple tart and vanilla caramel bon bon finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. An intriguingly oaked chardonnay with exotic savory spiciness.
Yellow straw color. Delicate, citrusy aromas of baked pineapple, cedar, and peppery spices with a silky, tangy, petillant, fruity medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-length pineapple cream, dark roasted nuts, and lemon spritzed apple finish with well-integrated, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A lively and refreshing chardonnay with delicate creaminess.
Straw green color. Delicate, fruity, smoky spicy aromas of roasted pineapples and lemon, spicy nut brittle, and apples with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length toasty cedar finish with light oak. A nice zesty chardonnay that will play nicely at the table.
Bright medium old gold color. Bright, fruity, creamy aromas of banana cream, yellow apples, gravel dust, and pineapple with a bright, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, elegant, breezy finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright light gold color. Rich, creamy, oaky fruity aromas of ripe yellow apple, toasty vanilla, pear skin, and white pineapple with a creamy, crisp, dry medium-full body and a smooth, captivating, medium-long Bartlett pear, vanilla, toast, and pineapple salsa finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Rich and luxurious style with generous vanilla scented oak, ripe apples, juicy pears and a lush texture.
Straw green color. Delicate, citrusy aromas of whole pineapple and yellow apple tree with a satiny, soft, petillant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, appealing, medium-length creamy vanilla and spiced nuts finish with light oak. A silky, lightly oaked chardonnay sipper/.
Old gold color. Bold, oaky, fruity creamy aromas of toasty vanilla, brioche, baked apple, and pineapple with a creamy, bright, dry full body and a smooth, complex, medium-long butterscotch, pear, apple-mango salsa, and vanilla finish with fine tannins and heavy oak. Luxurious style that balances generous layers of vanilla, toast and brioche notes from new French oak with ripe, supple, voluptuous apple, pear and mango fruit.
Garnet black color. Bright, smoky aromas of roasted nuts and coffee, mocha, and berry compote with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length dried sour cherries and berry yogurt finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A nice oaky barbera sipper.
Violet color. Bright aromas of spiced cherries and boysenberries and mocha with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length chocolate nuts and citrus and butter cream finish with light oak. A lively and refreshing sangiovese.
Bright dark garnet black color. Rich, fruity, jammy peppery earthy aromas of black raspberry jam, black plums, gravel, and black pepper with a bright, dry full body and a peppery, medium-length finish with firm, woody tannins and moderate oak.
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes-Fair Trade Certified-Sustainable Agriculture 
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Light ruby color. Fruity, oaky aromas of cherry, crushed plum, toasty vanilla, and mushroom with a satiny, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length raspberry, button mushrooms, cherry, and toasty vanilla finish with silky tannins and light oak. Juicy cherry and raspberry flavors are framed with generously toasted oak, a pleasing mushroom note and silky tannins.
 Sustainable Farming 
Ruby black color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of berry pie, spiced plums, pepper, and grape sorbet with a supple, bright, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, captivating, medium-length blood orange and creme brulee finish. A fun, well balanced and spicy sparkling shiraz.
Bright medium golden straw color. Mild, fruity, earthy aromas of spiced apples, potters clay, vanilla taffy, and dried twigs with an crisp, dryish full body and a warming, engaging, breezy finish with fine, fruit, crunchy tannins and light oak.
Bright medium yellow straw gold color. Lively, attractive, fruity aromas of peach cobbler, caramelized lemon, and praline with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, cheery vanilla milk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A pleasant lighter styled viognier sipper.
Deep purple color. Bold, jammy, fruity confected aromas of maraschino cherry, candied plum, black raspberry, and vanilla chocolates with an lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-length juicy black plum, maraschino cherry, vanilla, and boysenberry finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Jam packed with lush fruit and ripe tannins, a generous style, fruit forward and with plenty of sweet vanilla oak but enough stuffing to handle it with grace.
Golden yellow color. Delicate, fruity aromas of peaches, spiced apple, and earth with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a silky, interesting, relaxed tropical citrus, nougat, and minerals finish with no oak. A a well rounded, mouthwatering, Italian white.
Light brick red color. Fruity, savory vinous aromas of red cherry, plum, dried berry, and dark soil with a vibrant, dry medium body and a smooth, breezy cherry, plum, vanilla, and garden soil finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Medium-bodied, elegant and well balanced with plum and cherry flavors working beautifully with sweet vanilla and a most pleasant earthiness.
Bright golden straw color. Bright, nutty aromas of apple tart and vanilla taffy with a supple, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and an even, intriguing, breezy citrus, spiced nuts, and praline finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A tasty nicely balanced Chardonnay.
Garnet black color. Bright, smoky aromas of spiced pomegranate, salted toffee, and delicate smoky embers with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a captivating, medium-length craisin, spiced citrus, whole nuts, and cedar finish with well integrated crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A lively and engaging red for the table.
Opaque bright dark garnet blue color. Savory aromas and flavors of mulberries, mocha, wood smoke, and white pepper with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a warming, subtle, medium-long finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet color. Aromas of black cherry, plum jam, rich dark soil, and violet honey with a lightly tannic, lively, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-long black cherry, rich garden soil, crushed plum, and cinnamon toast finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Dense, dark and chewy with earthy complexity, balancing the luscious jammy fruit qualities of new world with earthy qualities of old world wines.
Ruby brick red color. Delicate aromas and flavors of baked berries and plums, peppery spices, pickled melon, and honeycomb with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, cheery finish imparting touches of cedar, beets, earth, and orange blossom honey with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A nice appetizing mature pinot.
Garnet color. Aromas of blackberry, toasty vanilla, currant, and black plum with a slightly chewy, crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, medium-length juicy blackberry, currant, vanilla, and toasted nuts finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and mouth filling blackberry, plum and currant fruit is framed with well integrated tannins and a toasty note of vanilla-kissed oak. creates a perfect balance of fruit and satisfying complexity.
Black garnet color. Exotic, fruity jammy aromas of cherry jam, plum preserves, vanilla, and nougat with an crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length cherry jam, plum preserves, rich earth, and vanilla mocha finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Dense, chewy and jammy with loads of fruit preserves with a touch of rich mocha, earthy tannins and vanilla.
Bright medium brick red violet color. Aromas and flavors of red cherries, gauze, dried twigs, and raspberries with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with fine tannins and moderate oak.
Gold color. Delicate aromas and flavors of nougat, vanilla candle, and baked peaches with a supple, soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, delightful, breezy finish with accents of spiced melon, exotic tropical fruit, and flowers. A distinctive, tropical viognier for sipping.
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Lively, bright aromas and flavors of tree bark, black currants, toast, and white pepper with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a warming, intricate, long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Cloudy golden straw emerald color. Rich aromas and flavors of orange sorbet, honey cream, and citrus zest with a silky, tangy, effervescent, fruity sweet medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-long finish with notes of tangerine and chalk. A fun, fruity sweet sparkler.
Silvery straw color. Aromas and flavors of green apple, lime, kiwi, and hint of rubber with a soft, racy, dry light body and a graceful, breezy finish that exhibits elements of minerals and melon rind with no oak. A very nice dry riesling for the table.
Silvery straw color. Lively aromas and flavors of floral honey, guava, and mango salsa with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy finish that exhibits accents of honeyed melon. A lively sauvignon blanc sipper.
Silvery straw color. Aromas and flavors of pineapple custard and nougat with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, breezy finish with accents of honeyed clementine. A very tasty, spot on chenin blanc.
Pale golden yellow color. Interesting aromas of wax candy, lemon-lime powder, instant ice tea, and tropical fruit with a silky, crisp, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a sleek, interesting, breezy honey and peach sorbet finish. A very tasty and appetizing dessert wine.
Pale silvery straw color. Interesting, yeasty aromas and flavors of fallen grapes, lychee nut, French milled soap, and stollen with a soft, crisp, off-dry light body and a smooth, engaging, breezy finish evoking notes of spiced peach, pressed flowers, and dusty minerals. An intriguing earthy floral dessert wine.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Complex aromas and flavors of ripe black currants, cedar, spiced dried tobacco, and roasted grains with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a peppery, complex finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright clear salmon color. Attractive aromas and flavors of red berries, dried leaves, and hint of cream with a lightly tannic, crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A very refreshing, precise sparkler to have at the beginning of a meal.
Deep amber color. Bright aromas and flavors of nut brittle, orange marmalade, and earth with a body and a warming, easy finish with suggestions of almond skin and minerals with fine tannins and light oak. A nice piquant Sherry with refreshing acidity and fruitiness.
Copper bronze color. Mild aromas and flavors of toffee, dried orange peels, and honeycomb with a supple, bright, off-dry body and a tingling, breezy finish with accents of peach sorbet, pepper, and minerals with light oak. A nicely made cream Sherry.
Straw color. Delicate aromas and flavors of almonds, olive brine, delicate petrol, and dried lemon peel with a silky, crisp, dry medium body and a interesting, medium-length finish that shows impressions of chalk, nutskin, and peppery spice. A very tasty manzanilla Sherry.
Bright medium straw emerald color. Attractive aromas and flavors of toasted coconut, butter cream, bruised yellow apples, and turned earth with a satiny, crisp, dry-yet-fruity full body and a interesting finish.
Bright dark garnet violet color. Smoky, complex aromas and flavors of smoky blackberries, mocha, pomegranate, and toasty oak with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a mildly astringent, intricate, medium-long finish with fine tannins.
Bright clear straw emerald color. Complex aromas and flavors of tangy apples, toasted bread crust, kiwi fruit, and turned earth with a chewy, bright, dry-yet-fruity full body and a mildly astringent, complex, medium-long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A rich, warm white that is very non confrontational and could work with a broad range of rich cuisine.
Bright medium golden straw color. Complex aromas and flavors of musky peach, quince, and lemon custard with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-long finish with fine tannins and light oak.
 Certified Organic 
Garnet color. Mild aromas and flavors of olives, pomegranate, chocolate toffee, and cedar with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a warming, appealing, medium-length finish displaying accents of craisin, earth, toasty oak, and vanilla with chewy tannins and light oak. A nice, savory, everyday red.
Bright medium blue violet ruby color. Attractive aromas and flavors of plums, black berries, lovely salinity, and subtle bread crust note with a silky, tangy, dryish medium-to-full body and an even, prodigious, medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Bright medium ruby blue violet color. Aromas and flavors of purple sweet tarts, dried straw, cream, and hint of bread toast with a lightly tannic, tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Pale silvery straw color. Bold, smoky aromas and flavors of grilled grapefruit and peppers and straw with a supple, racy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy finish with notes of grassy earth and melon rind. A very typical, zesty NZ sauvignon blanc that will be great with shellfish.
Golden silver color. Lively aromas and flavors of cornichon and grilled citrus with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, interesting, breezy finish with elements of quince, kiwi, straw, and smoky earth.
Garnet black color. Mild aromas and flavors of berry yogurt, suede, clay, and tobacco with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a medium-length finish revealing accents of chocolate nuts, cedar, craisin, and tree bark with firm tannins and heavy oak. A good steak wine now, but needs time.
Gold color. Interesting aromas and flavors of dried apple and pineapple, beeswax, toasted nuts, and cedar with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a crisp finish with accents of citrus and vanilla nuts with light oak. A nice, everyday chardonnay sipper.
Garnet violet color. Toasty aromas of mocha buttercream, crispy bacon, and polished wood with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an interesting, medium-length pomegranate, honeycomb, earth, and cedar finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A hearty steak wine.
Pale golden yellow color. Fruity aromas and flavors of tropical fruit yogurt, banana, and apple cider with a supple, tangy, effervescent, fruity medium body and an appealing, easy finish evoking notes of candied citrus and bubblegum. A fun, adult tropical fruit treat.
Bright opaque garnet blue violet color. Aromas and flavors of blackberry cobbler, dried violets, lignated stems, and bread toast and a bit of spice with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a warming, complex finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Violet black color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate buttercream, buttery roasted chestnuts, creme brulee, and cassis pie with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length finish displaying suggestions of earth, nutshells, and mint with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A nice steak wine; serve with a slight chill.
Garnet black color. Toasty aromas and flavors of toffee, blackberry tart, and pickling spices with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, easy finish with accents of earth, pomegranate, and nuts with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A solid cab for the table.
Bright medium garnet violet color. Aromas and flavors of bubbling pie blue fruits, black raspberries, purple pez, and black pepper with a chewy, lively, dryish full body and a warming, intricate, long finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Golden silver color. Lively aromas and flavors of apple custard pie and coconut gelato with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a peppery, engaging, medium-length finish with nuances of white chocolate toffee, spiced nuts, cedar, and pepper with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A robust oak aged chardonnay.
Bright gold color. Bold, toasty aromas and flavors of coconut soufflé and pineapple upside down cake with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish evoking notes of vanilla creme brulee, apple tart, and caramelized nuts with silky tannins and moderate oak. A well oaked chardonnay.
Bright medium color. Attractive, interesting, bright, lively aromas and flavors of ripe blueberries, apple cider, and blue flowers with a supple, bright, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and an even, complex finish with fruit tannins.
Garnet black color. Lively aromas and flavors of choke cherry jam, wintergreen mint, mulberries, and pickles with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a tingling, relaxed finish revealing nuances of cinnamon bark and pomegranate with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A very interesting, spicy, minty cab that will pair well with Middle Eastern dishes.
Ruby color. Mild aromas and flavors of potpourri incense, cranberries, and chocolate nuts with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, relaxed finish that presents notes of cedar bark, chocolate mint, and pepper with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A nice table wine.
Pale gold color. Aromas and flavors of toasty praline and pineapple cake with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a silky, engaging finish that presents accents of creme brulee, grilled apple, and delicate spices with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A nicely balanced oak aged chardonnay.
Gold color. Aromas of creamy vanilla and apple tart with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an engaging, medium-length lemon curd, pineapple, and baking spices finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A nicely composed chardonnay with good acidity and depth.
Golden silver color. Rich aromas of poached pear, peach sauce, and flower patch with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, compelling, breezy starfruit and pink pepper finish. A solid viognier.
Garnet violet black color. Aromas and flavors of berry soda bread and toasty praline with a body and a tingling finish that shows notes of grape pie, nuts, and cedar with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nice everyday merlot with good fruit and structure.
Dark garnet violet color. Bright aromas of chocolate, roasted nuts, and cedar with a supple, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, stimulating, medium-length blackberry pie and toast finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A nice, juicy everyday red.
Dark violet black color. Delicate aromas of floral honeycomb, berry compote, and toffee with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length vanilla, sour cherry chutney, cedar, and pepper finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A tasty easy drinking malbec.
Garnet violet black color. Interesting, delicate aromas and flavors of creamy chocolate, dark berry custard, honeycomb, and herb bread with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length finish displaying shades of spiced nuts, roasted berries, and pepper with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A nice chewy red that will be great with Latin beef dishes.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Silvery straw color. Rich aromas and flavors of sliced green pepper, gooseberry jam, grapefruit, and honeyed rainier cherry with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-length finish with notes of straw with no oak. A very crisp and balanced sauvignon blanc with nice varietal character.
Ruby color. Interesting aromas and flavors of beeswax candle, vanilla nougat, and berry pie crust with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and an engaging finish with notes of mocha cream and spiced berries with firm tannins. A big, firm cab that needs a little time.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of blackberry jam and beeswax with a supple, soft, fruity medium body and a smooth, breezy finish manifesting elements of dried blueberry, pepper, earth, and nutshells with moderate oak. A solid cab.
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of caramel, ripe blackcurrants, wood smoke, and gravel with a lightly tannic, bright, dry full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Dark ruby garnet color. Dense, savory aromas and flavors of smoked black peppercorns, cassis jam, cocoa, and herbs with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and an interesting, breezy finish with notes of dried berries, nuts, and cedar. A nice fruit forward cabernet.
Ruby black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of berry cream pie, dried sour cherries, and cocoa with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, easy finish that presents notes of tomato jelly, lemon pepper, chocolate orange peel, and pink pepper with silky tannins and moderate oak. A big, warming fruity cabernet; drink up.
Dark garnet color. Delicate, creamy aromas of blackberry pie a la mode and toffee with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, compelling, medium-length creme brulee, nutskin, leafy earth, and cedar finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A rock solid red.
Ruby black color. Mild aromas and flavors of berry-vanilla ice cream and chocolate nougat bar with a soft, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy finish with accents of berry jam on toast and nut brittle with fine tannins and light oak. A nicely made fruity quaffer.
Dark garnet violet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of coffee gelato, crusty berry pie, and brown butter with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish with notes of spiced apple, craisin, and nut with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A mouthwatering merlot with fine balance.
Ruby color. Bold, smoky aromas and flavors of dark roasted coffee beans, baking chocolate, and berry pie crust with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish with impressions of plum chutney and nutskins with well-integrated tannins and heavy oak. A big smoky merlot that begs for grilled foods.
Ruby color. Delicate aromas and flavors of nut brittle, cocoa, and honeycomb with a silky, racy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a breezy finish evoking notes of nutshells, craisins, coffee, and earth with leafy tannins and moderate oak. A nice zesty merlot for the table.
Dark garnet black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of dried berries and stone fruits, berry cream pie, and pickling and baking spices with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish manifesting notes of cedar, coconut, pepper, and cranberry with well-integrated tannins. A rock solid petit verdot.
Straw color. Delicate aromas and flavors of almond nougat, nectarine, pear skin, and wheatberry with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy finish with accents of pepper, honey, and earth. A nice easy drinking white.
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Interesting, attractive aromas of black plums, blackberries, butter cream, and toast with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry medium-full body and a smooth, distinctive, medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark ruby blue violet color. Complex, interesting, attractive aromas of ripe black cherries, warm toasty notes, butter cream, and potter clay with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Golden straw color. Delicate aromas of pineapple yogurt, lemon poppyseed muffin, and grassy herbs with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, cheery green apple, nuts, lemon sherbet, and earth finish with no oak. A very refreshing and zesty chardonnay.
Golden yellow color. Delicate, toasty aromas of vanilla nut brittle and pineapple cake with a soft, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a polished, brisk lemon, melon rind, nutskin, and earth finish with light oak. A very dry Old World styled chardonnay for the seafood table.
Light gold color. Delicate aromas of honey butter on toast, lemon chiffon, and nougat with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a charming, buoyant pineapple, green apple, delicate spiced melon, and almond finish with light oak. A tasty, easy drinking chardonnay that will cover a lot of bases.
Gold color. Mild, toasty aromas of fruit tart, dried apple, and nut with a soft, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, engaging, breezy lemon curd, vanilla nuts, and minerals finish with light oak. A dry, nicely restrained, table focused chardonnay.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Gold color. Delicate, creamy aromas of peach yogurt and pineapple cake with a silky, fruity medium body and a sleek, crisp caramel apple and delicate spice finish. An appealing chardonnay with good fruit and balanced oak.
Golden straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of apple pie, lemon-pineapple cake, and nut brittle with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and an even, interesting, medium-length Meyer lemon custard and vanilla finish with light oak. A nice bright, citrusy chardonnay that will pair well with fish.
Gold color. Bright, fruity, creamy aromas of lime gelato and spiced apple with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a silky, interesting, medium-length honeyed pineapple and cream finish with light oak. A tasty lightly creamy chardonnay with zesty fruit.
Clear pale golden straw color. Bright, herbal, minty aromas of spiced tropical fruits, white chocolate mint cookie, soda bread, and lemongrass with a oily, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, complex, medium-length mint cream and delicate herbs finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak.
Pale gold color. Bright, creamy, toasty aromas of custard pastry, pineapple, and lemon curd with a even, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, appealing, easy tropical citrus and nut brittle finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A refreshing chardonnay for everyday enjoyment.
Golden straw color. Delicate aromas of melon, dried apple, and cream with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, cheery pineapple custard, vanilla yogurt nuts, melon, and delicate spices finish with light oak. A nicely balanced and understated chardonnay that will shine at the table.
Pale golden yellow color. Bold, toasty, creamy aromas of toasted coconut, mango yogurt, banana cream pie, and caramel apple with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, swift lemon gelato, pineapple, and spiced nuts finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A fun zesty chardonnay with nice creamy oak.
Bright light golden straw color. Lively, toasty, creamy aromas of cinnamon toast, nougat, egg nog, and bbq rub with a supple, vibrant, dryish medium body and a polished, nuanced, medium-length lemon pie, nutskin, cream, and mint leaf finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A nice everyday sipping chardonnay.
BlackBlack color. Aromas of apple and vanilla yogurt nut with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, breezy pineapple and mint finish with no tannins and no oak. A nice zesty sipper; let this breathe a bit.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of dried tropical fruits, tart apples, and kiwi with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length pineapple, mint, and spiced apple finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A delicious and mouthwatering chardonnay.
Ruby color. Aromas of dried flowers, pomegranate custard, tomato, and pepper with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a brisk blackberry compote, cedar, and clay finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A nice everyday table wine.
Clear medium ruby color. Delicate, fruity, floral earthy aromas of dried door county cherries, dried violets, dried leaves, and potter's clay with a even, crisp, dry light-to-medium body and a warming, interesting finish with firm tannins and light oak. Delicate, enticing scents.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Opaque dark violet color. Delicate, smoky, creamy aromas of charred nuts, creme brulee, cranberry chutney, and peppercorn with a silky, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a captivating, breezy sour cherry and cedar finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A tasty, appetizing red that is sure to please.
Dark violet color. Rich, toasty aromas of roasted nuts and berries, caramel buttercream, coffee, and pickling spices with a oily, crisp, dryish medium-full body and a warming, subtle, medium-long pencil shavings and earth finish with chewy earthy tannins and moderate oak. A rich, smoky red.
Dark violet color. Delicate, toasty aromas of roasted nuts, berry custard tart, and honeycomb with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, compelling, medium-length pomegranate jam, delicate peppery spice, and cedar finish with leafy tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid tempranillo that will be nice with a juicy tape.
Bright golden straw color. Bold, fruity aromas of guava, passionfruit, and grapefruit with a soft, tart, dryish medium body and a warming, appealing, relaxed lemon, nutskin, melon rind, and mineral finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A lovely shellfish wine that smells and drinks like a NZ sauvignon blanc.
Light bright garnet color. Bright, fruity aromas of buttery toffee, cherries, and geranium with a supple, bright, dryish medium body and a tingling, subtle, medium-length marinated beet, toasted nut, and cedar finish with fine dusty grippy tannins and light oak. An appetizing pinot noir that will shine at the table.
Pale bright golden silver color. Mild, citrusy, floral aromas of lavender, lemon powder, and meringue with a velvety, vibrant, dryish medium body and a tingling, delightful, easy sweet cream finish with fruit crunchy tannins and light oak. A nice, creamy viognier that goes down easy.
Garnet color. Delicate aromas and flavors of black raspberries, vanilla cream, and herbs with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, interesting, medium-length finish with accents of praline, cedar, delicate peppery spice, and minerals with fine tannins and light oak. A very nice juicy, zesty cabernet cabernet that will cover a lot of bases.
Opaque garnet violet color. Lively, spicy aromas and flavors of chocolate mint, mixed berries, and toast with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity body and a polished, compelling, snappy finish with touches of vanilla cream and roasted nuts with silky tannins and light oak. A very nice easy drinking malbec for carefree enjoyment.
Brilliant garnet color. Lively, fruity, attractive aromas of fresh blueberry cobbler, bath oil, spring meadow, and spiced meat with a supple, vibrant, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, cheery candied lavender, menthol, and green herbs finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A zesty, tasty blueberry wine with a nice wildflower character.
Bright medium orange amber color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of grape, tree bark, butter cream, and pepper with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Spiced refreshing 'adult' styled rose.
Pink coral color. Bright, floral aromas of watermelon sorbet and white strawberry with a soft, crisp, dryish light body and a easy Meyer lemon and orange peel finish with crunchy fruit tannins. A very nice, dry adult rose.
Bright light violet color. Rich, fruity aromas of choke cherry jam and strawberry shortcake with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long melon, blood orange, nutskin, and pepper finish with fruit firm tannins and light oak. A very nice, dry adult rose with a captivating color.
Salmon orange color. Bright, fruity aromas of sour cherries and watermelon sorbet with a supple, tart, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, captivating, breezy Meyer lemon, white mulberry, nutskin, and minerals finish with light oak. A very nice dry adult rosé.
Silvery straw color. Mild aromas of lemon soda bread, flower buds, clementine, and microgreens with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, snappy white grape and plum skins and lemon curd finish with fine fruit tannins and no oak. An attractive, easy drinking sipper.
Yellow color. Aromas of honeysuckle, apple sauce, and ripe tropical citrus with a silky, soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, easy green pear, starfruit, mineral, and pepper dust finish with no oak. A soft, easy drinking white.
Yellow straw color. Delicate, toasty, fruity aromas of peach cobbler, kiwi gelato, and lily with a supple, crisp, off-dry light body and a smooth, interesting, carefree melon, honey, apple, and earth finish with no oak. A nice carefree, off-dry sipper.
Yellow straw color. Bright, toasty, buttery aromas of phyllo fruit pastry and nut brittle with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length lemon curd, green apple, and lime finish. A vivacious and table friendly offering.
White gold color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of honeyed peaches and spiced apples with a silky, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, carefree lemon and nutskin finish with no oak. A zesty, satisfying pinot grigio that will be good with salads.
 Certified Organic-Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
Clear medium straw color. Mild, interesting, odd minerally aromas of flowers and dried citrus with a satiny, crisp, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and an even, intriguing, brisk limeade finish with no tannins and light oak. A nice new world off-dry Chinese-food wine.
Yellow color. Aromas of yellow apple and nectarine with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, crisp apple sauce, citrus gelato, and honeyed pear finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A soft, attractive, easy drinking summer white wine.
Medium bright golden straw color. Rich, toasty, fruity aromas of coconut macaroon, very ripe banana and mango, and earth with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, charming, breezy coconut cream, nut, pear skin, and lime finish with silky tannins and light oak. A creamy, nicely oaked, fume style sauvignon blanc.
Clear light straw green color. Rich, spicy, earthy classic savory aromas of cat pee and earthy with a silky, crisp, bone-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk grapefruit and lime rind finish with no tannins and no oak. A rock solid sauvignon blanc.
Deep purple color. Bright, toasty, fruity aromas of dark berry tart, chestnut brittle, and hint of bouillon with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, interesting, cheery salted roasted nuts finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. A very nice savory cabernet with great table appeal.
Dark violet color. Bright, interesting aromas of mulberries, smoked pepper, buttered pear, and dill pickle with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, medium-length spiced meat, beets, and earth finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A nice savory red that will be great at the table.
Bright rubbed bronze color. Bold, fruity, peppery earthy dank aromas of ripe black currants, tree bark, turned earth, and white pepper with a bright, dry medium-full body and a finish. A big red that will benefit from bottle age and savory food.
Minutely hazy garnet black color. Bright, oaky, earthy aromas of tomatoes on the vine, dark mulberries, clay, and lumberyard with a supple, tangy, dryish medium body and a graceful, interesting, medium-length pomegranate, reduced lemon, and polished wood finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A mature, earthy red for rustic fare.
Nearly opaque dark violet color. Bright, fruity, creamy aromas of dark berry pie, creme brulee, and toffee with a supple, crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long cranberry, nutskin, and minerals finish with dusty coating tannins and heavy oak. A rock solid, versatile cabernet for everyday enjoyment.
 Certified Organic 
 Certified Organic 
 Certified Organic 
Dark garnet color. Bright, creamy, nutty aromas of cherries, pencil shavings, creamy nougat, and lemon pepper with a soft, bright, dryish medium-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A pleasant, crisp shiraz for everyday enjoyment.
Nearly opaque violet color. Bright, creamy, floral aromas of candied violets, boysenberry tart, and yams with a soft, tangy, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, medium-length blackberry, apple, and nuts finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid shiraz.
Bright medium yellow straw color. Lively, fruity aromas of nougat, papaya, melon, and rubber sap with a soft, tart, dryish medium body and an engaging, breezy kiwi, Meyer lemon, and nutskin finish. A lively marsanne that drinks a bit like a riesling.
Yellow color. Aromas of grapefruit, honey, and yellow pepper with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, crisp lemon, green apple, and melon finish with crunchy fruit tannins and no oak. A nice zesty white with a soft texture.
Light straw color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of honeysuckle, peaches, and potpourri with a supple, tangy, fruity sweet medium body and a warming, amusing, breezy lemon sorbet and apple sauce finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A tasty and easy drinking off-dry sipper.
Bright clear medium color. Mild, fruity, earthy aromas of dusty cherries, cranberries, beech mushrooms, and turned earth with a lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, subtle, cheery finish with well integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. A shy, yet inviting wine.
Bright medium brilliant burnt sienna color. Fruity, attractive aromas of black cherries, star anise, violets, and dried leaves with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and light oak. Nicely structured and made for the table.
Ruby black color. Bright, interesting aromas of gherkins, sour cherry compote, and spiced chocolate with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length black cherry and roasted pecans finish with light oak. A rock solid, easy drinking pinot.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Fruity, minerally aromas of red cherries, cranberry, tree bark, and hint of saffron with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Haunting saffron like note unique and enticing.
Garnet black color. Delicate, nutty aromas of toffee and berry pastry with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, easy spiced cherry, melon, and nuts finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A solid pinot that will be versatile.
Bright clear medium burnt sienna color. Bright, fruity, toasty smoky aromas of pressed linen, toasted yeast, oak embers, and clay with a lively, dry medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with fruit chewy firm tannins and light oak.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Silvery emerald straw color. Bright, smoky, creamy aromas of grilled pineapples and peaches with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, intriguing, breezy Meyer lemon and nuts finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice mouthwatering, lightly smoky pinot grigio.
Bright brilliant medium brick red color. Delicate, fruity, nutty aromas of mulberries, black walnut skin, roasted apples, and baked cedar planks and a titch of black pepper with a lively, dryish medium-full body and a warming, distinctive, medium-long finish with well integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Supple, well balanced flavors linger in a nice way.
Ruby black color. Bright, buttery, nutty aromas of roasted chestnuts, dill pickle, craisins, and pencil shavings with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, medium-length marinated beets, blood orange, and cedar finish with crunchy dusty tannins and moderate oak. A crisp, savory sangiovese.
Deep purple color. Lively, fruity, creamy aromas of huckleberry jam, creme brulee, nut brittle, honey baked ha, and with a satiny, crisp, fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, breezy bing cherry finish with silky tannins and light oak. A smooth, fruity, easy-drinking sangiovese.
Deep purple color. Delicate, fruity, earthy aromas of mulberries, pickling spices, chocolate coconut macaroons, and wild flowers with a supple, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, medium-length orange sherbet, craisin, and roasted nuts finish with crunchy, dusty tannins. A solid, hearty tempranillo for the table.
Violet color. Delicate, interesting aromas of gherkin, craisins, and floral honey with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a easy root vegetables, earth, and vanilla nuts finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A solid drier styled zin; give this a bit of time.
Violet color. Delicate, nutty aromas of spiced nuts, sandalwood, berry-tomato compote, and creme brulee with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a peppery, refreshing, menthol mint, pencil shavings, and mocha cream finish with woody tannins and moderate oak. A big, brawny zinfandel; give this some time.
Violet color. Delicate, creamy, fruity aromas of berry creme brulee and butterscotch with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, charming, breezy toffee and pencil shavings finish with chewy firm tannins and moderate oak. A nice, well rounded zinfandel with table friendly tannins.
Bright medium rubbed garnet color. Lively, fruity, earthy creamy toasty aromas of black raspberries, crushed stone, cherry sweet tarts, and brambly with a creamy, tart, dryish full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Creamy vibrant Zinfandel will improve with bottle age.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Lively, fruity, toasty aromas of black raspberries, star anise, bramble and turned earth, and white pepper with a chewy, tangy, dry full body and a peppery, layered, relaxed finish with grippy fruit woody tannins and moderate oak. A full-flavored red that would work with a broad array of mushroom accented dishes.
Bright clear medium brown brick color. Aromas of black raspberries, baked planked cedar, white pepper, and craisin with a chewy, vibrant, dry full body and a peppery, elegant, medium-length finish with fruit grippy tannins and moderate oak. Grippy big red in need of full-flavored food pairings.
Bright medium garnet color. Fruity, earthy aromas of black raspberries, wine gums - purple gummy bears, cedar, and black pepper with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a peppery, elegant, medium-length finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. A savory Zinfandel that will benefit from food.
Garnet black color. Aromas of mocha, caramelized bacon, and berry pie crust with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a sleek, breezy spiced berries and toffee finish with fine tannins and light oak. A solid zin with a nice core of fruit.
Violet color. Lively, attractive, peppery aromas of smoked peppercorns, rhubarb, and spiced rubbed meat with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an even, amusing, cheery red berries, cocoa-dusted nuts, and minerals finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nicely balanced dry red that will be great spicy meat dishes.
Bright medium clear sunburst amber color. Fruity, creamy earthy inviting aromas of bright red berries, red cherry, volcanic dust, and turned earth with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with fruit well-integrated tannins and no oak. Very complex, dry adult rose.
Bright medium straw green color. Fruity, peppery classic aromas of yellow lentils, white pepper, green apples, and volcanic ash with a chewy, racy, dry medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Classic refreshing Gruner.
Bright medium dark dusty ruby color. Lively, fruity, creamy aromas of creme de cassis, butter cream, tree bark, and saddle leather with a bright, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, subtle, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Restrained, yet well-balanced.
Bright medium dark dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, oaky aromas of black currant, mulberry, wood putty, and violets with a crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and light oak. A very pleasant dry red for the table.
Dark violet color. Delicate, attractive aromas of pistachio cookie, black raspberry pie, and praline with a supple, crisp, fruity medium body and a appealing, medium-length marinated carrot and dried berries finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A big, well structured merlot that could use a bit of time.
Dark garnet color. Delicate, floral, savory aromas of honeyed cherries and sweet marinated bets with a silky, dry-yet-fruity body and a seamless, cheery bark finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. A smooth and stylish pinot that is sure to please.
Pale straw green color. Bright, citrusy aromas of pineapple and apple tart with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a interesting, medium-length lemon gelato, green apple, nuts, and minerals finish with fine chewy tannins and light oak. A crisp and lively, mouthwatering chardonnay.
Bright light straw green color. Buttery, fruity aromas of lemon grass, gooseberries, lemon lik-a-maid, and toasted yeast and cream with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and light oak. Lots going on and all flavors are in check and in balance.
Opaque violet color. Creamy, fruity aromas of black raspberry buttercream, praline, and delicate herbs and spices with a oily, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, subtle, medium-long cassis, honey, nuts, and earth finish with dusty coating tannins and moderate oak. A zesty, flavor-packed cabernet that is sure to please.
Bright medium garnet black color. Bright, savory, creamy aromas of berry creme brulee, pickled tomatoes, and roasted nuts with a soft, tangy, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, involved, medium-length wet slate and dried sour cherries finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A nicely balanced merlot that has a dry, minerally Old World character.
Violet color. Delicate, creamy, fruity aromas of cherry custard pie, watermelon sorbet, and caramelized bacon with a silky, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, compelling, easy orange sherbet, sweet cream, and roasted nuts finish with soft tannins and light oak. A carefree fruity zin.
Golden straw color. Bright, toasty, creamy exotic aromas of toasted meringue, baked tropical fruits, and delicate spice with a supple, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and an effortless, appealing, relaxed quince, lemon, and mint cream finish with no oak. An interesting dry white that will shine at the table.
Opaque black violet color. Bright, toasty aromas of butter roasted nuts, black raspberry cobbler, and vanilla toffee with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length pepper finish with crunchy, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid syrah that will cover a lot of bases.
Bright medium garnet color. Bright, earthy, fruity attractive aromas of black currants, purple wine gums, subtle whit peppercorns, and lentils with a supple, lively, dryish medium-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with well, integrated, firm tannins.
Bright dark deep purple color. Bright, toasty aromas of spiced nuts, mocha, berry tart, and charred meat with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length blueberry pie a la mode, nougat, delicate spice, and chocolate mint finish with soft, leafy tannins and moderate oak. A solid syrah for the table.
Straw green color. Delicate, creamy aromas of peach custard, apricot soda bread, and tree bark with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, breezy green apple and earth finish with light oak. A tangy, appetizing viognier with a nice creamy character.
Bright pale clear emerald straw color. Bold, fruity, floral inviting aromas of ripe peaches, key lime cream, green papaya, and clay with a supple, vibrant, dryish medium-full body and a sleek, subtle, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium clear garnet color. Delicate, earthy, fruity attractive aromas of black cherry, cranberry, melba toast, and dried leaves with a supple, crisp, dry medium body and a complex, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, oaky nutty aromas of creme de cassis, walnuts, and cherries with a tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with fine tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby black color. Delicate, fruity aromas of berry pie, chocolate nuts, and delicate spice with a vibrant, off-dry medium body and a seamless, breezy honey and berry custard finish with no oak. A pleasant sweet red.
Yellow color. Aromas of orange blossoms and tropical fruit salad with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, interesting, easy spiced pear and citrus spritzed melon finish with no oak. A lovely fruity sipper.
Bright medium clear light gold color. Delicate aromas of baked apples, gauze, butter cream, and dried twigs with a supple, crisp, dryish medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with well, integrated, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Pink color. Aromas of cherries, berries, and honeyed orange with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, compelling, medium-length watermelon and blood orange finish with no oak. A rock solid, adult rose with ripe fruit.
Garnet black color. Mild aromas of chocolate cherries and pistachio brittle with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, crisp raspberry jam on raisin toast finish with light oak. A nice, super fruity everyday sipper.
Bright straw color. Lively, floral, fruity aromas of fruit salad and dried honeysuckle with an even, vibrant, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, captivating, breezy lemon ice, melon, and minerals finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A rock solid dry white wine.
Deep purple color. Delicate, earthy, nutty aromas of nut brittle, spiced cherries and berries, and chocolate with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length earth, dried lemon, and cedar finish with firm, woody tannins and moderate oak. A vibrant and lively red that will pair well.
Garnet color. Bright, baked, boozy fruity aromas of baked berries, chocolate sour cream frosting, and marinated beets with a silky, tart, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length black raspberries and cassis, nutskin, and earth finish with firm, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A zesty, attractive and penetrating red that will be even better with time.
Yellow color. Aromas of grilled grapefruit, fresh herbs, melon sorbet, and pine with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, delightful, medium-length mint, kiwi, and lime finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nicely balanced white with a nice savory streak for the table.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Bright, fruity, interesting toasty aromas of damson plums, black cherry, fruit cake, and mocha with a chewy, vibrant, dry medium-full body and a warming, distinctive, medium-long finish with well-integrated, fruit, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium garnet black color. Fruity, woody aromas of black cherry, butter cream, blond tobacco, and red licorice with a lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with fruit, fine tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium emerald straw color. Bright, attractive aromas of peaches in cream, nougat, and spiced melon with a glycerous, tangy, dryish medium body and a polished, intricate, medium-length Meyer lemon, mango, and grassy earth finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. An appealing, dry white wine that will cover a lot of bases.
Brick red color. Fruity, earthy toasty aromas of black cherry, purple pez, butter cream, and delicate peppery spice with a lightly tannic, lively, dry medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-long finish with fruit, fine, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet color. Aromas of spicy berry compote, cocoa, and baking spice with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, breezy marinated beets and tree bark finish with dusty, woody tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid Ribera de Duero for the table.
Brilliant pink coral color. Sweet, fruity floral aromas of spiced peaches and apples, melon sorbet, and white blossoms with a supple, crisp, effervescent, off-dry medium body and a breezy apple sauce, lemon sherbet, and fruit salad finish with no tannins and no oak. A nice, floral off-dry sparkler.
Emerald straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of honeydew and spiced pear with a supple, tangy, spritzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, crisp lime sorbet, green apple skin, and marinated carrot finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice tangy, savory sparkler that will pair nicely.
Bright pale straw green color. Fruity, floral waxy aromas of dried pineapple chips, dried banana, grape gummy bears, and paraffin with a soft, spritzy, fruity sweet medium-full body and a polished, complex, medium-long finish with fruit tannins.
Bright medium garnet color. Bright, fruity, toasty savory aromas of mesquite charcoal, dried plums, raspberry fruit chutney, and craisins with a bright, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark deep purple color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of baked berries, chocolate, and nuts with a soft, vibrant, dryish medium-full body and a peppery, appealing, medium-length cedar finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A spot-on syrah.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Fruity aromas of spiced persimmons, red plum, dead wood, and cranberry with a satiny, tangy, sweet medium body and a peppery, nuanced, breezy finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Opaque black violet color. Bright aromas of herbs de Provence, black grape jam, and dried lemon and lavender with a satiny, vibrant, off-dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, relaxed blueberry muffin, roasted apple, nougat, and pepper finish with fine, crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A fun, flavorful after dinner choice, or try in cocktails.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Bright, fruity aromas of ripe raspberry, red flowers, and hints of the barnyard with a lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a silky, intricate, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright pale straw green color. Delicate, fruity aromas of baked pear, pear charlotte, crystalized sugar, and white kayo syrup with a bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, elegant, carefree finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of berry compote and waxy honeycomb with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, cheery spice and sour cherry finish with no tannins and no oak. A tasty and appetizing fruit wine.
 Sustainable Farming 
Brilliant light garnet color. Delicate, fruity, earthy aromas of dark berries, craisin, and pressed flowers with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, buoyant toasted nut and earth finish. A nicely restrained, dry, wine-like mead reminiscent of a Beaujolais Nouveau.
Straw color. Bright, fruity, floral toasty aromas of mango berry cobbler and spiced peach with a silky, crisp, petillant, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, compelling, breezy delicate sweet spice and apple finish with crunchy tannins and no oak. A fun, tasty light sparkler.
Dusty ruby color. Delicate, fruity, meaty aromas of roasted beets, jerky, and honeyed apples with a supple, crisp, petillant, fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-long black raspberries, spiced melon, and cocoa finish with crunchy, fruit tannins. A zesty red sparkler with a lot of charisma.
Bright pale light color. Delicate, earthy, fruity aromas of stone fruit, green hay, peach pit, and turned earth a hint of cream with a crisp, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, elegant, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright pale light yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of ripe peaches, light green herbal note, butter cream, and turned earth with a supple, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, distinctive, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright light yellow straw color. Mild, fruity, herbal aromas of lemon herb muffin and eucalyptus honey with an even, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, cheery apple, lime cream, and minerals finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A tasty, carefree sparkler.
Deep purple color. Delicate, fruity aromas of baked berries, grilled citrus, bbq herb rub, and olive skin with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an even, compelling, medium-length cranberry, eucalyptus, roasted nuts, and cedar finish with crunchy, firm tannins and moderate oak. A nice, spicy, savory red that will work well at the table.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Rich, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of damsom plums, mocha, black currants, and toffee with a supple, crisp, dry full body and a sleek, elegant, long finish with fine, well-integrated, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Dusty ruby color. Delicate, interesting, toasty creamy aromas of sesame toffee, vanilla buttercream, sour cherry tart, and herbs with a silky, soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, snappy cedar, black raspberry, and mint cream finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A lively and nicely balanced cab franc.
Nearly opaque black garnet color. Mild aromas of baked berries and herbs and spices with a supple, crisp, dry medium body and a tingling, breezy smoked nuts and earth finish with papery tannins. A solid, well balanced cabernet.
Ruby color. Aromas of berry chutney, orange spice cake, and jasmine with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length chocolate nuts, clementine, and melon finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A tasty, crowd-pleasing sipper.
Medium brown brick red color. Lively, jammy, fruity earthy woody aromas of blackberry jam, leather, spiced black raspberries, and black pepper with a lively, dry full body and a peppery, intricate, rapid finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby black color. Delicate, fruity aromas of chocolate covered berries and nuts and creamy vanilla with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, engaging, medium-length toffee finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. An attractive, creamy everyday merlot sipper.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Delicate, fruity, toasty aromas of dried cranberries, boysenberries, spiced oak, and apple sauce with a lively, dryish medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with firm, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium dark garnet color. Lively, earthy, toasty aromas of spiced black currants, black raspberries, spiced cherry, and rubber with a chewy, crisp, full body and a warming, interesting, brisk finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Aromas of black raspberries, ripe plums, toffee clay, and cherry jubilee with a chewy, crisp, dryish full body and a peppery, medium-length finish with firm, crunchy tannins and moderate oak.
Deep purple color. Delicate, creamy aromas of milk chocolate, berry danish, and roasted nuts with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, breezy nutskin, earth, roasted sweet potato, and spicy gingerbread finish with chewy, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A nice savory red blend for the table that will improve with time.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, toasty earthy aromas of black currants, damsom plums, white pepper, and clay with a vibrant, dry full body and a peppery, nuanced, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Fruity, earthy toasty aromas of spiced berries, gauze, gravel, and leather with a lively, full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-length finish with firm, crunchy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Bright, earthy, fruity toasty floral aromas of dark berries, violets, oriental spices, and potters clay with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a peppery, intricate, medium-long finish with well-integrated, firm, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby black color. Floral, fruity aromas of spicy blackberry compote, vanilla toffee, cornichon, and jasmine with a silky, bright, dryish medium-to-full body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length cedar finish with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious and well balanced savory malbec.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright medium color. Bright, citrusy, fruity aromas of golden raisins, dried apricot, and gravel with a bright, sweet full body and a warming, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Delicate, floral, woody elegant aromas of black raspberries, sandalwood, menthol, and violet with an crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, involved, medium-long finish with well-integrated, chewy, fruit tannins and light oak.
Garnet black color. Bright aromas of mocha and toast with berry jam with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, compelling, breezy finish with silky tannins. A tasty all purpose cabernet.
Ruby black color. Mild, fruity aromas of currant jam, cedar, and top soil with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, interesting, breezy plum, spice, roasted pepper, and bark finish with fine tannins and light oak. A rock solid cab that will be versatile.
Ruby color. Aromas of powdered sugar on berries and chocolate nuts with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a silky, intriguing, breezy craisin, spicy beets, cedar, and smoked nuts finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Garnet black color. Fruity, smoky aromas of baked berries, olives, and tar with a supple, bright, dry medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length plum, roasted carrot, and bark finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A nice dry, savory red for the table.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, vinous, fruity earthy aromas of black currants, plums, pressed linen, and gravel with an bright, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, elegant, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright dark garnet black color. Delicate, fruity, earthy toasty nutty aromas of ripe black currants, leather, mulberries, and gravel with a chewy, bright, dry full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright medium straw green color. Nutty, fruity aromas of toasted walnuts, yellow apples, and potters clay with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, quick finish with chewy, fruit tannins and light oak.
Dusty ruby color. Bright, toasty aromas of roasted nuts, chocolate, and berry bush with a supple, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, crisp grilled blackberries and tomatoes, wood smoke, silt, and vanilla finish with fine tannins and light oak. A pleasant table friendly chambourcin with a touch of earthy funk.
Ruby color. Aromas of chocolate rice, creamy nougat, black raspberry pie, and aloe with a body and a delightful, medium-length roasted pepper, pomegranate, cocoa, and cedar mulch finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and light oak. A crisp, mouthwatering red that will pair nicely.
Pink color. Aromas of berries in cream, watermelon, and apple with a supple, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a sleek, interesting, medium-length honey cream and mandarin orange finish with crunchy, fine tannins and no oak. A crisp, juicy, fruity rosé sipper.
Bright pale straw green color. Bright, citrusy, fruity floral aromas of ruby grapefruit, bitter lemon pith, and white flowers with a crisp, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, refreshing, snappy finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Delicate, funky, fruity toasty aromas of black currants, green plums, planked cedar, and dried compost with a chewy, puckering, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, breezy finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium garnet color. Bright, fruity, nutty earthy minerally aromas of toasted walnuts, tart baked cherries, dried leaves, and salinity with a lightly tannic, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with firm, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Bright, citrusy aromas of dried citrus and red berries with an oily, vibrant, dryish medium body and a tingling, interesting, quick sour cherries, ground nuts, and vanilla finish with fine, crunchy tannins and light oak. A lively, mouth watering cabernet franc.
Medium dusty ruby color. Bright, funky aromas of vanilla toffee, watermelon, and berry danish with a soft, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length spiced cherries, creamy vanilla, and borscht finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A chewy, fruit forward pinot that is sure to please.
Garnet color. Aromas of lingonberry, black currant, roasted plums, and roast cashews with a creamy, soft, dry medium-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-length black cherry, black currant, grilled plum, and roasted nuts finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Full, bold and fat with loads of dark fruit and a decadent note of roasted nuts all framed with sweet, ripe oak.
Silvery straw color. Faint, earthy aromas of grass and dried lemon peel with a soft, crisp, dryish light body and a smooth, breezy clementine and gherkin finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A solid sauvignon sipper very reminiscent of a white Bordeaux wine.
Violet color. Rich, fruity, jammy aromas of black currant, vanilla, plum, and cherry with a creamy, crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length cherry, blackberry, currant, and vanilla finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Plenty of cherry, plum and berry flavors balance with soft, approachable tannins and a frame of vanilla and light spice.
Deep purple color. Bold, fruity, jammy aromas of black raspberry, black pepper-vanilla brulee, licorice, and cherry jam with an tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, refreshing, medium-length black cherry, licorice, vanilla, and raspberry finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Cherry and plum notes combine with a rich black raspberry and a touch of licorice with round supple tannins.
Gold color. Aromas of exotic melon, applesauce, pear tart, and lemon curd with a creamy, bright, dry medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-long sliced yellow apples, honeydew, lemon tart, and allspice finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. Fun and pretty with rich pear notes and moderate oak flavors that brings intriguing brown spice complexity vs. one noted vanilla.
Brilliant silvery straw color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of peach blossom, nectarine, yellow apple, and orange zest with a satiny, lively, dry light-to-medium body and a silky, captivating, quick yellow apple, peach, creek stones, and lemon finish with no tannins and no oak. Crisp, clean and refreshing, a no nonsense sipper for everyday enjoyment.
Yellow color. Aromas of ripe pear, apple blossom, peach tart, and marzipan with a satiny, bright, dry medium body and a sleek, elegant, medium-length granny smith apple, nectarine, papaya, and river rock finish with no tannins and no oak. Bright and fun with refreshing layers of tropical fruit and intriguing complexity from notes of river rock and marzipan.
Ruby color. Bold, exotic, herbal earthy funky aromas of carob rice bar, wild berries, horsehair brush, and Asian spices with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an interesting, medium-length grilled peppers, pomegranate, whole nuts, and cedar finish with dusty, chewy tannins and moderate oak. An funky, rustic red that will be great with game dishes.
Ruby color. Aromas of black cherry, raspberry, spiced plum, and toasty vanilla with a round, tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a polished, complex, medium-length juicy plum, black raspberry, blackberry, and brandied cherries finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and round with jammy cherry and plum, a touch of spice and chewy, delicious tannin structure.
Emerald straw color. Delicate aromas of spiced peaches and pears, vanilla nougat, apple sorbet, and pressed flowers with a supple, lively, petillant, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length candied lemon and orange peels and spicy golden raisin compote finish with fine tannins and no oak. A fun, delicate moscato d'Asti with pleasing floral earthiness.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of raspberry, turned earth, dried twigs, and phosphates with an tangy, petillant, off-dry medium body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Fruity, nutty minerally oaky aromas of spiced black currants, dark cherries, chestnuts turned earth, and white pepper with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a peppery, medium-length finish with well-integrated, fine, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of cherry, sugar plum, and milk chocolate with a satiny, soft, fruity sweet light body and a smooth, breezy maraschino cherry, sweet plum, strawberry, and nougat finish with no tannins and no oak. Plenty of sweet fruit and fun in this low alcohol, almost dessert sipper.
Dusty ruby color. Mild, fruity, oaky aromas of black cherry, vanilla, plum, and toast with an crisp, dry medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length cherry, plum, vanilla, and currant finish with chewy tannins and light oak. Chewy and bright with cherry and plum notes pulled together with crisp acidity and tannins just waiting for some nice grilled meat.
Dusty light violet color. Oaky, fruity jammy woody aromas of black plum, mocha, vanilla, and blackberry jam with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length black plum, vanilla, cherry jam, and currant finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Tart and lightly chewy with loads of cherry and berry fruit and bright food loving acidity.
Black ruby color. Fruity, jammy exotic earthy aromas of black raspberry, grilled blood orange, mocha, and black plum with an tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length black plum, raspberry jam, vanilla, and roast cherry finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy, chewy fruit has deliciously chewy tannins, notes of roasted cherry and a touch of vanilla.
Dusty burnt sienna color. Bold, fruity, jammy oaky aromas of cherry, plum, toasty vanilla, and lingonberry with a velvety, vibrant, spritzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, refreshing, relaxed cherry cider, sweet vanilla, plum jelly, and cola finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Off dry and packed with cherries, plums and vanilla with a satisfying cola note and sweet berry fruits and bright acids that would pair amazingly with charcuterie.
Ruby color. Aromas of lingonberry, dried plum, leather, and spice with a slightly chewy, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a polished, layered, medium-long cherry, raspberry, leather, and spice finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. Rich, complex and chewy with layers of fruit accented by leather and spice.
Ruby color. Aromas of black cherry, currant, roast meat, and cigar box with a creamy, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, intricate, medium-length black plum, dark cherry, vanilla, and black pepper finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Chewy dark cherries, vanilla, black pepper and blackberries are in perfect balance in this bold, almost rustic sangiovese.
Black ruby color. Bright, interesting, fruity elegant earthy aromas of cherry jam, spiced plum, vanilla tart, and gravely path with an tart, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, layered, medium-long sour cherry, currant, fall leaves, and vintage encyclopedia finish with medium tannins and light oak. Food loving style with loads of tart cherry and appetite inducing acidity layered with forest floor, cherry, plum and minerality all tied together with lightly chewy tannins.
Straw color. Aromas of lemon curd, white peach, sliced pear, and honeysuckle with a round, crisp, fizzy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, subtle, medium-length Bartlett pear, honey crisp apple, white peach, and Meyer lemon finish with no tannins and no oak. Bright, lively and exceptionally balanced, think of this as a blanc de blanc champagne's little sister, lovely, with pretty fruit, inviting bubbles and a youthful elegance excited to grow up.
Bright light yellow straw color. Lively, fruity, floral herbal aromas of spiced peaches, honeysuckle, green herbs, and dried stone fruits - trail mix with a crisp, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a seamless, complex, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright straw color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of honeydew melon, nectarine, light floral, and Bosc pear with a satiny, crisp, dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, captivating, snappy nectarine, yellow apple, pear, and melon finish with no tannins and no oak. Crisp and clean with an intriguing light floral note on the nose and a refreshing finish.
Emerald straw color. Mild aromas of peach yogurt and vanilla nuts with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, engaging, breezy Meyer lemon and earth finish with no oak. A nice zesty pinot grigio that will cover a lot of bases.
Yellow color. Aromas of passion fruit, peach, sweet lemon, and ruby red grapefruit with a lean, lively, bone-dry medium-to-full body and a graceful, engaging, medium-length grapefruit, lime, green apple, and green papaya finish with no tannins and no oak. Extremely refreshing with layers of bright citrus and crunchy fruit in a green fruit vs. green grass style.
Dusty garnet color. Fruity, floral jammy minty aromas of black raspberry, vanilla, spice cake, and dried plum with a creamy, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, captivating, medium-length plum jam, black raspberry, sweet vanilla, and cherry finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Over delivers on beautiful cherry, plum and berry fruit framed with generous vanilla and silky tannins for everyday, balanced sipping on the indulgent side.
Bright medium sunburst color. Fruity, citrusy aromas of red berries, frais du bois, lemon custard, and plum pit with a satiny, tart, sweet medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish.
Bright light ruby color. Bright, confected, fruity aromas of cherry, sugar plum, lingonberry, and cola with a bright, fruity sweet medium body and a graceful, interesting, breezy cherry, raspberry, plum, and boysenberry finish with no tannins and no oak. Pure, juicy and fruity with generous cherry, berry and plum flavors that are seamless from start to middle to finish.
Salmon orange color. Fruity, floral aromas of berry soda and sorbet with a supple, crisp, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, cheery finish. A nice, fruity, tangy, off dry treat.
Dusty garnet color. Bright, spicy, toasty aromas of garlic dill pickle, dried berries, and roasted nuts with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshing, easy cassis tart and cherries finish with fine tannins and light oak. A toasty, juicy, fruity cabernet that is sure to please.
Ruby black color. Bright, fruity aromas of praline and berry tart with a silky, crisp, off-dry medium body and a graceful, charming, breezy spiced apple and clementine finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and light oak. A juicy, fruity, easy-drinking cabernet with nice acidity for the table.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Bright, savory, fruity earthy toasty aromas of ripe black currants, cola, potters clay, and cedar with a lively, dry full body and a peppery, nuanced, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark dusty ruby color. Lively, fruity, earthy jammy toasty aromas of blackberry jam, turned earth, blueberries, and cedar with a lively, dryish full body and a warming, compelling, buoyant finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Dark garnet black color. Bright, earthy, fruity aromas of berries, cocoa, mocha, and pepper with an oily, bright, dryish medium-full body and a tingling, charming, relaxed tart cherries, toffee, and cedar finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A solid cabernet for everyday enjoyment.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Lively, fruity, savory nutty aromas of spiced berries - cranberries, cherry, chestnuts, and cedar with a racy, dry full body and a warming, layered finish with soft, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of berry pie, roasted nuts, and seared Canadian bacon with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, snappy mocha cream finish. A tasty and savory merlot with nice table appeal.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Lively, earthy, fruity aromas of dried plums, black currants, mocha, and turned earth and a hint of pepper with a supple, bright, dry full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of baked berries and dill pickle with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, amusing, medium-length boysenberry jam on toast, apple, and nuts finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A juicy, appetizing, lightly spicy merlot that is sure to please.
Violet color. Delicate, toasty, spicy aromas of black licorice and spiced nuts and berries with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a smooth, medium-length cherry pie and nougat finish with light oak. A nice juicy, fruity crowd pleasing red.
Black ruby color. Bright, attractive, toasty aromas of white chocolate, mocha nuts, and berry tart with a silky, bright, body and a smooth, relaxed honeyed raisin toast and roasted nuts finish with light oak. A nice well balanced sipper.
Deep purple color. Delicate, roasted aromas of baked berries, butter roasted nuts, olive, and leather with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an even, breezy blood orange, spiced apple, and almond skin finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A nicely savory, dryly styled red blend.
Garnet color. Lively, toasty aromas of coconut buttercream, spicy berry compote, and roasted nuts with a supple, crisp, fruity medium body and a tingling, amusing, medium-length cherries and earth finish with well-integrated, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A juicy, well balanced red that will cover a lot of bases.
Dusty ruby color. Delicate, fruity, earthy spicy aromas of cranberry compote, cinnamon raisin toast, and pickling spices with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, refreshing, relaxed cocoa, nutskin, mossy earth, and grape skins finish with moderate oak. A nice savory red for the table.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, nutty, fruity toasty aromas of dried cherries, chocolate espresso, turned earth - clay, and white pepper with a crisp, dryish full body and a peppery, complex, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated, fine tannins and moderate oak. A silky, very fruity, crowd pleasing red blend.
Black garnet color. Lively, jammy, fruity floral aromas of black licorice, lingonberry, cherry jam, and spicy vanilla with a creamy, soft, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, layered, medium-long black raspberry, lingonberry, toasty sweet vanilla, and roast brisket finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. This petite sirah delivers a trifecta of flavor and balance with juicy crushed berries balanced with toasty sweet vanilla and a rich, satisfying note of roast brisket.
Brown brick red color. Lively, fruity, mature woody aromas of cherry, button mushroom, plum, and vanilla with a satiny, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a polished, charming, medium-length cherry, plum, vanilla, and mushroom finish with silky tannins and light oak. Delivers plenty of rich cherry and plum fruit with classic notes of mushrooms, silky tannins and an elegant touch of vanilla.
Bright medium brick red color. Lively, fruity, earthy aromas of baked black cherry cobbler, tree bark - dried leaves, spiced black plums, and clarified butter with a crisp, dry full body and a warming, layered, easy finish with firm, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium dark garnet color. Bright, fruity, toasty grassy nutty aromas of spiced cherries, chestnuts, dried grass, and cedar with a crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Violet color. Fruity, savory aromas of black cherry, vanilla bean, plum jam, and blackberry with a creamy, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length blackberry, black cherry, vanilla, and fruit cake finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. Full and juicy with plenty of ripe, red fruit all framed with vanilla kissed oak and ripe, sweet tannins.
Ruby color. Aromas of cherry jam, vanilla, sweet plum, and grilled pork chops with a round, tangy, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long juicy cherry, crushed plum, vanilla, and fondant finish with well-integrated tannins and heavy oak. Big, sweet and juicy delivering gobs of decadent fruit with generous oak and silky tannins, all built for immediate, unapologetic enjoyment.
Straw green color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of apricots, apple pie, and orange blossom honey with a supple, tangy, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a silky, interesting, breezy clementine finish. A nice, very fruity sparkler with vibrant acidity.
Bright pale gold color. Fruity aromas of fruit cocktail, ripe pear, apricot pits, and creamy leesyness with a supple, lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium-to-full body and an effortless, compelling, medium-length finish.
Brilliant straw color. Mild, fruity, oaky aromas of apple, vanilla, pear, and toast with a soft, dry medium-to-full body and a graceful, interesting, breezy yellow apple, pear, vanilla, and yellow watermelon finish with no tannins and light oak. Very lightly oaked and clean, perfect for everyday sipping with its lovely notes of apple and pear.
Bright medium gold color. Mild, fruity, minerally toasty aromas of baked apple, salinity, bread toast, and gravel with a soft, dryish medium-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright yellow straw color. Lively, fruity, oaky aromas of vanilla, pear, apple, and toast with an bright, dry medium-to-full body and a sleek, captivating, medium-length ripe pear, apple salsa, vanilla, and poached quince finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Elegant style with fashionable vanilla-toasty French oak on the nose in a lighter bodied, quaffable style.
Medium color. Mild, fruity aromas of apple, toast, pear, and vanilla with a silky, shy, dry medium body and a smooth, easy apple, pear, lemon, and vanilla finish with fine tannins and light oak. Clean and approachable with just a touch of oak.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Delicate, toasty, funky aromas of pineapple cake and spiced apples with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and a seamless, captivating, medium-length creme brulee and nougat finish with silky, fruit tannins and light oak. A smooth and even, very tasty chardonnay.
Bright medium yellow straw color. Bright, buttery, fruity toasty aromas of yellow apples, roasted pineapple, gravel, and butter cream with a supple, bright, dry full body and a smooth, intricate, medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Yellow straw color. Delicate aromas of lemon soda bread, fig, and spiced nuts with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, brisk mossy earth, nutshell, and pickled apples finish with light oak. A dry, earthy chardonnay for the table.
Bright color. Mild aromas of apple, melon, mango, and vanilla with an soft, dry medium body and an even, interesting, medium-length cantaloupe, ripe pear, white peach, and toasty vanilla finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Lovely notes of melon and tropical fruits with crisp apples all balanced with a moderate touch of oak.
Golden yellow color. Rich, oaky, elegant fruity aromas of golden pineapple, toasty vanilla, pear compote, and river rock with a creamy, bright, dry medium-full body and an effortless, appealing, medium-long golden pineapple, pear, vanilla, and golden melon finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Satisfying vanilla and pineapple notes give a touch of richness to this well balanced chardonnay with classic apple/pear aromas and flavors and a touch of minerality.
Silvery emerald straw color. Fruity, earthy aromas of champagne grape clusters, overripe apple, and honey with a supple, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, stimulating, cheery starfruit and wintergreen finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A very nice, delicately nuanced chardonnay in a drier style.
Yellow straw color. Delicate, buttery aromas of baked pineapple and apple and nougat with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-length buttercream, roasted nuts, and lemon cream finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A nicely balanced marriage of fruit and oak.
Yellow straw color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of ripe apples and honeysuckle with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a seamless, amusing, breezy clementine, Meyer lemon, and nutskin finish with fine, fruit tannins. A zesty, very attractive chardonnay sipper.
Emerald straw color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of spicy apple sauce, dried honeysuckle, and banana with a supple, crisp, petillant, off-dry light-to-medium body and a seamless, easy lemon-lime sorbet and coconut praline finish with no oak. A nice lightly spritzy moscato.
Light gold color. Fruity aromas of white grape juice with a supple, crisp, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, engaging, quick honeyed oranges finish with crunchy, fruit tannins. A simple and very pleasant off-dry sipper or bbq wine.
Pale silvery emerald straw color. Bright, funky aromas of mixed citrus, melon balls, and mint cream with a silky, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, refreshing, breezy honeyed apples and clementine finish. An attractive, very fruit, off-dry sipper.
Yellow color. Aromas of golden pineapple, passion fruit, sliced ripe peach, and lemon meringue with a round, soft, off-dry medium body and a smooth, breezy pineapple, apple cider, mango, and peach finish with no tannins and no oak. Fruity and lush, a perfect afternoon sipper or with simple picnic fair when you don't want to be terribly serious.
Bright pale color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of mango, honeysuckle, pineapple, and applesauce with a lean, crisp, dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, easy apple, pear, lemon, and white melon finish with no tannins and no oak. Light, crisp and refreshing with bright, palate cleansing acidity ready to enjoy with a light bill of fare.
Bright light golden straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of green apples, turned earth, dried straw, and apple jacks cereal with a crisp, dryish medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium light gold color. Lively, fruity, earthy minerally aromas of yellow apples, apricots, and loess with an lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish.
Yellow color. Aromas of lemon and straw with a silky, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length orange sorbet finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice earthy riesling with appealing fruitiness.
Light straw color. Delicate aromas of lanolin lotion, honeysuckle, and dried apples and pears with a silky, tangy, off-dry medium body and a graceful, breezy honeyed citrus and apples finish with no oak. A delightful, fruity, and easy drinking riesling.
Golden yellow color. Delicate, fruity, grassy aromas of citrus custard and straw with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an even, interesting, carefree green tomato, nougat, and tropical fruit salad finish with no oak. A round and fruity sauvignon blanc.
Bright pale light straw color. Lively, fruity aromas of lychees, green nectarines, grapefruit peel, and faded rose with a lean, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright light gold color. Delicate, fruity, earthy savory minerally aromas of nectarines, key limes, tutti fruiti, and clarified butter with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, medium-length finish.
Medium bright yellow straw color. Fruity, exotic aromas of pear blossom, heirloom apple, peach, and vanilla bean with a creamy, tangy, dry medium body and an effortless, interesting, snappy applesauce, white pineapple, pear, and vanilla finish with no tannins and light oak. Very lightly oak in style letting the clean and crisp apple and pear aromas shine through to the refreshing finish.
Medium garnet black color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of cherry jam, grilled blood orange, plum, and freshly turned garden soil with a creamy, lively, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, layered, medium-long juicy plum, grilled blood orange, cherry conserve, and garden soil finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy grilled blood orange and plums interplay with sweet vanilla oak, fine tannins and a framework of rich, garden soil.
Dark ruby black color. Bold, fruity, inviting peppery aromas of wine gums
Yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of whole pineapple and lemon spritzed apple with a silky, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, cheery sweet cream, delicate spice, and nuts finish with soft, fruit tannins. A pure, zesty, lighter styled chardonnay.
Bright medium bright gold color. Bright, fruity, toasty oaky earthy aromas of roasted pineapple, green apple, toasted coconuts, and gravel with a lively, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-length finish with firm, earthy, well-integrated, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium golden yellow color. Toasty, tropical fruity aromas of apple crisp, pineapple, butter cream, and gravel with an vibrant, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with well-integrated, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Black ruby color. Bright, savory aromas of olives, dried berries, chocolate, and smoked nuts with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, brisk blood orange and earth finish with dusty, firm tannins and light oak. A refreshing red for the table; give this a bit of time.
Dark garnet color. Rich, fruity, jammy minerally smoky aromas of exotic berries, curry, vanilla nougat, and dark stones with a bright, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long cherry compote, dried exotic red fruits, vanilla, and grilled blood orange finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Rich and juicy with elegant tannins and well-balanced acidity frame notes of spice, exotic fruit and grilled blood orange.
Bright dark garnet black color. Fruity, minerally jammy floral aromas of black raspberries, geranium, gravel, and mocha and a hint of black pepper with a bright, dryish full body and a peppery, complex, medium-long finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Brick red color. Delicate, fruity aromas of baked berries, honey, and pomegranate with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, breezy chocolate and vanilla nuts finish with well-integrated, crunchy tannins and light oak. An ethereal, dry zinfandel for the table.
Deep purple color. Mild aromas of baked berries, cocoa, and pickling spices with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, breezy dried berries and raisins, chocolate orange peels, and nuts finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A nice and easy, everyday zin.
 Sustainable Farming-Demeter Certified 
Violet color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of spicy berry chutney and waxy honeycomb with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length black raspberry, pomegranate sorbet, nutskin, and pencil shavings finish. A lively, zesty merlot that will shine with food.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
$13.99. Best Buy.
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
Deep purple color. Bright, toasty aromas of toffee, berry tart, and mocha cream with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a tingling, captivating, carefree chocolate orange peels, spiced cherries, and nuts finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A nice toasty, juicy everyday cabernet.
 Organically Grown Grapes-Certified Organic 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet black color. Fruity, jammy earthy roasted aromas of roast cherry, brisket, grilled plum, and vanilla mocha truffle with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length crushed black cherry mocha truffle, black currant, smoky vanilla, and black earth finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Big, dark and mocha packed style with long, chewy tannins and a rich, fruity, satisfying earthiness.
Black garnet color. Delicate aromas of olives and dried berries with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a buoyant cedar and cocoa finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A smooth pleasing red blend.
Bright medium bright gold color. Lively, fruity, citrusy toasty aromas of fruit cocktail, lemon zested green apples, banana skin, and gravel with a crisp, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with fine, fruit tannins.
Bright dark amber color. Fruity, citrusy sweet funky aromas of kumquats, apricot pits, lemon chiffon, and lichee nuts with a glycerous, racy, very sweet full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Medium dusty garnet color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of cassis tart, cinnamon roll, and pressed flowers with a soft, lively, dry-yet-fruity full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length cedar, mocha nuts, and tobacco finish with medium, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A solid toasty cabernet.
Bright medium amber beige color. Rich, fruity, tropical citrusy creamy aromas of mango, soft Meyer lemon, butter cream, and pear skin with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a smooth, complex, medium-length finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak.
Light garnet black color. Fruity, jammy pure aromas of cherry, plum, vanilla, and roasted meat with a lively, dry medium body and a tingling, charming, medium-length cherry, plum, vanilla, and black earth finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. Nicely chewy tannins and earthiness keeps the cherry and plum flavors in balance in a rustic style ready for roasted meats and rustic vegetables.
Dusty garnet color. Fruity, elegant earthy aromas of plum, black pepper, cherry compote, and vanilla with a satiny, lively, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, distinctive, medium-long plum, cherry, vanilla, and black pepper finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and lush cherry-plum flavors get a generous, but balanced treatment of fine French oak, adding sweet vanilla to the round tannins and bright, food-loving acidity.
Bright medium dark garnet color. Bright, nutty aromas of spiced cherries, chestnut bread, gravel, and baked parchment with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with firm, fine, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Brilliant light siam color. Fruity, floral confected aromas of strawberry, milk chocolate, raspberry, and preserved blood orange with a silky, lively, finely carbonated, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a seamless, appealing, breezy strawberry, raspberry, watermelon, and blood orange sorbet finish with no tannins and no oak. Fun, juicy, fruity and well balanced with structure that can be enjoyed on its own, but also a real treat with a box of chocolates.
Deep purple color. Bold, oaky, jammy fruity aromas of black cherry, blackberry, toasty vanilla, and mocha with a creamy, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, nuanced, medium-long cherry jam, dried blood orange, plum mostarda, and vanilla finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. Dark, bold, fruity and rich cherry, plum, berry flavors with notes of mocha and vanilla finishing with food loving crunchy tannins.
Violet black color. Lively, fruity aromas and flavors of berry custard tart and toffee with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, carefree finish with nuances of caramel apple, dark roasted nuts, and vanilla cream with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A fun, flavorful, easy drinking red.
Garnet color. Aromas of black raspberry, smashed cherry, vanilla, and plum jam with a slightly chewy, soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a polished, appealing, medium-length cherry jam, blackberry, vanilla, and dried strawberry finish with soft tannins and moderate oak. Chewy and juicy style that has just the right amount of soft tannins and vanilla kissed oak to balance it all together.
Ruby color. Delicate aromas of vanilla custard, chocolate mint, and berry pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, pomegranate and tree bark finish with woody tannins and heavy oak. A firm, gutsy steak wine; make sure to decant.
Dusty garnet color. Fruity, jammy aromas of black cherry, vanilla, currant, and forest floor with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, intricate, medium-length juicy cherry, walnut, currant, and grilled bread finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Juicy style with plenty of cherry and currants that finish with chewy tannins and classic old world earthiness.
Medium color. Fruity, jammy inviting minty aromas of black raspberry, cherry nougat, vanilla spice cake, and earthy chocolate with an lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length cherry, boysenberry, vanilla, and cream soda finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and aromatic with fine tannins and loads of juicy cherry and berry.
Bright medium brick red violet color. Delicate, fruity aromas and flavors of ripe red berries, black cherry, gauzy iodine tincture, and lignated stems with a supple, crisp, dry medium-full body and a captivating finish.
Bright medium garnet violet color. Bright, lively aromas and flavors of red cherries, band aid gauze, frais du bois, and dried leaves with a lightly tannic, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish with fine tannins and light oak.
Silvery straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of floral honey, fruit salad, and nougat with a silky, crisp, fruity sweet medium body and a snappy finish that shows nuances of pear custard. A very tasty and fruity gewurz.
Pale golden silver color. Lively aromas and flavors of French toast with syrup and lemon-lime curd with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a breezy finish with notes of nectarine, melon sorbet, and nougat. A nice lively sipper or table wine.
Light golden silver color. Lively aromas and flavors of toasted coconut and pineapple, orange tart, and grapefruit custard with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and an even, buoyant finish with accents of honeyed yellow apple and vanilla milk. A nice, toasty, oak influenced sauvignon blanc that is sure to please.
Straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of orange custard, blossoms, and tropical fruits with a silky, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a seamless, interesting finish that presents notes of honeycomb and leafy earth. A nice fruity, off-dry sipper.
Golden silver color. Lively aromas and flavors of ripe peach, tapioca, and honeyed pear with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, carefree finish with notes of nutskin, earth, and apple. A nice zippy viognier.
Bright dark garnet violet color. Interesting aromas and flavors of black raspberries, hint of toffee, oak planks, and black pepper with a chewy, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity full body and a peppery, layered, medium-length finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of dried citrus, almond nut brittle, and herbs with a silky, bright, dry medium body and an even, carefree finish. A rock solid fino Sherry that will cover a lot of bases.
Copper color. Aromas and flavors of dried peach, pepper, and roasted almonds with a supple, crisp, medium body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length finish with elements of dried fruit, delicate brown spices, and straw with fine tannins and light oak. A very nice dry Sherry.
Bright medium ruby blue violet color. Aromas and flavors of baked cherry tart, tree bark, red rhubarb custard, and potters clay with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry full body and a mildly astringent, complex, medium-length finish with firm tannins and light oak.
Bright light straw emerald color. Complex aromas and flavors of honey suckle, stone fruit, bubble gum dust, and potters clay with a lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a mildly astringent finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of cassis & dried flowers, lignated stems, scorched linen, and warm campfire earth with a lightly tannic, bright, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with barky tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet black color. Mild aromas and flavors of clay, beeswax, and buttery toasted raisin bread with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a warming, cheery finish with shades of cedar, cocoa, tree bark, and tomato jelly with leafy tannins. A sturdy, yet lighter styled cabernet for the table.
Bright dark blue violet ruby color. Complex aromas and flavors of mulberries, blackberries, sour cherries, and petrol & white pepper with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a mildly astringent, elegant, medium-long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Steel gray pink color. Aromas of strawberries in cream and watermelon ice with a silky, racy, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, compelling, breezy lemon spritzed strawberries finish. A very nice rose, sparkler.
Violet orange bright garnet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of subtle blackcurrants, dried red rose petals, faint tar, and toast with a lightly tannic, tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, delightful, medium-length finish with firm tannins and light oak.
Bright dark blue violet ruby color. Aromas and flavors of boysenberries, roasted herbs, savory toast, and hung peppered game with a lightly tannic, lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, subtle, medium-long finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet violet color. Bright, fruity aromas and flavors of berry jam and orange-cranberry sauce with a supple, tangy, petillant, off-dry medium body and a breezy finish that exhibits elements of grape sorbet and candied orange. A nice, refreshing red semi-sparkler.
Silvery straw color. Mild aromas and flavors of banana pudding and fruit salad with a supple, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and an interesting, breezy finish that shows notes of melon and lemon. A pleasant, carefree sipper.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Opaque garnet black color. Oaky, smoky aromas and flavors of mocha, chocolate mousse, and singed berry pie with a crisp, dryish medium body and an appealing, medium-length finish that shows notes of honeyed pomegranate, brown spices, cedar, and earth with leafy tannins and heavy oak. A nice steak wine.
Golden straw color. Delicate aromas of nougat, grilled citrus, and peach with a supple, racy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, relaxed lime powder finish. A different take on viognier that has a lot of sauvignon blanc like acidity.
Dark ruby black color. Mild aromas and flavors of nougat and chocolate berries with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, medium-length finish revealing touches of mocha, nutshells, and gravel with firm tannins and moderate oak. A bit closed at present, try in a few years or serve with a well marbled steak.
Dark garnet black color. Mild aromas and flavors of blueberry cobbler, herbs, and vanilla candle with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, refreshing, breezy finish that presents notes of sour cherry, sweet cream, spice, and nuts with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A nice tangy red that will shine with food.
Dark garnet color. Bright aromas and flavors of spiced berries and dark chocolate with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and an engaging, breezy finish with notes of cherries, praline, and melon rind with dusty tannins. A nice easy drinking malbec for everyday enjoyment.
Garnet black color. Mild aromas and flavors of waxy honeycomb, cassis jam, and chocolate orange peels with a satiny, bright, fruity medium body and a tingling, charming, breezy finish that shows notes of roasted citrus and earth with crunchy tannins and light oak. A enjoyable and versatile everyday red.
Dark garnet color. Delicate aromas and flavors of cherries, honeycomb, and spiced nut with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and an interesting, crisp finish with impressions of cedar and coffee with light oak. A tasty easy drinking red.
Garnet black color. Aromas of blueberry pie a la mode, vanilla yogurt, and ink with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length eucalyptus incense finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A dense, chewy red for the table.
Dark garnet violet color. Delicate aromas and flavors of powdered sugared plums and chocolate toffee with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a easy finish that shows notes of roasted beets and blood orange with crunchy tannins and light oak. A nice everyday merlot.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Mild aromas and flavors of nutshells, chocolate nuts, and dried berries with a bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an interesting finish evoking suggestions of tomato-cucumber relish, dried flowers, cedar, and pepper with firm tannins and heavy oak. A very dense cab that is a bit closed at present; give this tie in the cellar or a well-marbled steak now.
Ruby color. Delicate, fruity aromas and flavors of berry pie, mocha, and roasted nuts with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy finish revealing nuances of mixed berry jam on toast, nougat, and peppery spice with dusty tannins and light oak. A nice fruity sipper
Opaque bright dark garnet blue color. Attractive, complex aromas and flavors of cassis, mocha-mint, bramble, and ripe plums with a lightly tannic, bright, dry full body and a warming, captivating, medium-long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Dark garnet violet color. Delicate aromas and flavors of spicy cherry compote and cassis jam on scone with a soft, crisp, fruity medium body and a smooth, carefree finish that shows notes of nutskin and cedar with chewy tannins and light oak. A really pleasant crowd pleasing cab.
Garnet color. Interesting, creamy aromas and flavors of warm berry custard and praline with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy finish with notes of sour cherry and nougat with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A tasty, all-purpose red wine.
Bright garnet medium violet color. Curious, yeasty aromas and flavors of funky toasted yeast, black raspberries, briar, and light pepper with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a peppery, interesting, medium-length finish with firm tannins and light oak.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate mousse, blackberry pie, and coconut gelato with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and an interesting, breezy mocha nuts and cherry finish with silky tannins and light oak. A tasty, easy sipper.
Bright medium straw color. Brash aromas of lime blossoms, lychees, and grapefruit peel with a lightly tannic, tangy, dry medium-full body and an interesting finish. A very, dry mineral driven.
Pale medium golden straw color. Lively, curious, earthy aromas of overripe lemon and kiwi, soda raisin bread, toasty meringue, and lemon grass with a velvety, tangy, dryish medium-full body and a peppery, refreshing, cheery minted lemon, dragonfruit, and parchment finish with leafy tannins and moderate oak. A solid quaffer.
Brilliant clear medium bright gold color. Bright, toasty, fruity aromas of vanilla nut brittle, pineapple cake, and butter cream with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an even, compelling, medium-length apple sauce, lemon, and nuts finish with fine fruit well-integrated tannins and light oak. A solid, lightly oaky and creamy chardonnay.
Brilliant medium golden straw color. Delicate, creamy, fruity floral attractive aromas of honeycrisp apples, butter cream, white flowers, and pineapple with a soft, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length lemon custard, kiwi, coconut flakes, and nutskin finish with firm tannins and light oak. A solid, easy going sipper with zesty acidity.
Golden straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of tropical citrus and delicate spice with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and an even, cheery apple sauce and nuts finish. A nice fruity chardonnay for everyday enjoyment.
Golden straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of spiced melon, kiwi, honeysuckle, and honeycomb with a soft, tangy, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, buoyant apple sauce, pineapple tart, and white grape jam finish. A pleasant fruity sweet, off-dry chardonnay.
Golden straw color. Mild aromas of melon, kiwi, twigs, and fried chive with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and an even, stimulating, medium-length grilled apples and nuts finish with light oak. A nicely oak nuanced chardonnay with an herbal backnote.
Gold color. Bright, creamy aromas of creme brulee and apple tart a la mode with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length lemon, melon, and vanilla nuts finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A nice tangy, appetizing chardonnay that will shine at the table.
Bright clear pale light golden color. Delicate, fruity aromas of tropical citrus, pound cake, and custard with a soft, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, snappy honey roasted pineapple, green apple, and delicate spices finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A juicy, mouthwatering chardonnay with creamy oak.
Clear pale gold color. Lively, toasty, fruity aromas of fruit custard pastry, creme fraiche, toasted nuts, and root cellar with a silky, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a seamless, complex, medium-length lemon cream and nougat finish with well integrated tannins and moderate oak. A tasty, crowd-pleasing fruity sipper.
Medium bright straw color. Bright, buttery, fruity attractive aromas of pineapple, cream, and waxy honeycomb with a even, soft, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, elegant, medium-long yellow apple, melon, and cream finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A solid Napa chardonnay.
Golden straw color. Smoky aromas of roasted nuts, grilled lemon, and fried herbs with a soft, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, medium-length pineapple, mango-papaya-pepper relish, and vanilla nuts finish with light oak. A nicely table focused chardonnay.
Pale gold color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of pineapple custard, orange blossoms, and apple pastry with a silky, bright, fruity body and a smooth, interesting, breezy mango, lemon sorbet, and nut brittle finish with light oak. A tasty chardonnay that will cover a lot of bases.
Bright medium gold color. Lively, interesting, creamy aromas of buttercream frosting, dried pineapple, and bbq potato chip with a glycerous, crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length lemon cake, nougat, spiced melon, and mint finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A very interesting, spicy chardonnay.
Medium violet color. Bright, fruity, toasty interesting aromas of ripe plums, fruitcake, black currants, and dried leaves with a even, crisp, medium-to-full body and a warming, subtle finish with firm tannins and light oak. Subtle, nice integration of classic merlot flavors.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright pale light golden straw color. Bold, floral, fruity aromas of green nectarines, white flowers, salted butter, and minerality with a even, lively, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A tasty off-dry white made in a savory style.
Bright brilliant medium brown brick color. Lively, fruity, woody aromas of strawberry powder, cranberries, toffee, and earthy dried twigs with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish with no well-integrated firm tannins and light oak. Bright, easygoing flavors.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Lively, earthy, fruity citrusy aromas of mulberries, gravel, spiced cranberries, and lemon lime with a soft, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, intricate, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated dusty tannins and light oak. The acidity pops some fun fruit flavors.
Bright medium light siam color. Lively, fruity aromas of grape, toffee, turned earth, and white pepper with a lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery, appealing, easy finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Refreshing 'American' rose.
Bright pale yellow straw color. Lively, fruity, spicy aromas of lychees, red licorice, white flowers, and stone fruits with a silky, vibrant, off-dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, cheery finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Siam color. Delicate, smoky aromas of roasted berries and nuts and grilled citrus and watermelon with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy sour cherry finish with light oak. An interesting smoky rose that will be good with grilled foods.
Pale clear light ruby color. Lively, fruity aromas of plums, black currants, red licorice, and fleur de sel with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nicely balanced, juicy savory wine.
Silvery emerald straw color. Waxy aromas of honeycomb, geranium, and pear-fig jam with a supple, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, breezy clementine, lemon sorbet, and homemade apple sauce finish with no oak. A tasty, lightly floral sipper.
Silvery emerald straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of nectarine and nougat with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, captivating, breezy melon rind finish with no oak. A nice mellow pinot grigio for sipping.
Medium clear golden straw color. Fruity, earthy aromas of nectarines, turned earth, fleur de sel, and dried twigs with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Lively flavors could take on earthier fare.
Pale golden straw color. Delicate, yeasty aromas of soda bread, candied lemon, and balloon dust with a soft, lively, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, buoyant chalk, green apples and crabapples, lime, and grass finish with crunchy fruit tannins and no oak. A very crisp and racy riesling that will be great with shellfish.
Silvery straw color. Mild aromas of starfruit, dried citrus, and almond skin with a lean, tart, dryish light body and a polished, cheery limeade, green apple skin, and minerals finish with no oak. A nice zesty quaffer.
Pale light golden straw color. Delicate, toasty aromas of citrus cream puff pastry and banana nut muffin with a silky, lively, dryish light-to-medium body and a polished, refreshing, breezy lime cream, nuts, and grass finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A snappy sauvignon blanc that will be good at the table.
Indigo color. Delicate, toasty aromas of brown butter and roasted nuts and berries with a supple, crisp, fruity body and a tingling, breezy plum, sour cherry, melon rind, and pickling spices finish with crunchy medium tannins and light oak. A sturdy cabernet for the table.
Brilliant medium light garnet color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of black cherry skin, tree bark, tobacco leaf, and roasted nuts with a soft, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with well integrated earthy tannins and light oak. Clean, precise yet rustic flavors come through nicely.
Emerald straw color. Delicate aromas of nougat, white chocolate mint, and kiwi with a silky, lively, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, breezy lime curd, mineral, and nutskin finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A solid sauvignon sipper.
Bright light straw color. Lively, fruity, floral aromas of lilacs, peaches, and golden raisins with a soft, tangy, moderately sweet medium body and a warming, interesting, quick tangerine, pear, and earth finish with fruit tannins and no oak. An attractive, easy-drinking off-dry wine.
Golden straw color. Lively, floral, fruity aromas of peony, dried apricot, lemon marmalade, and earth with a bright, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a silky, snappy golden raisin, spiced nuts, apple custard pie, and potting soil finish with light oak. A nice rustic dessert wine that will excel with cheeses.
Nearly opaque garnet color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of dried berries, cracked pepper, dark chocolate, and oak with a satiny, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length parchment finish with papery tannins and moderate oak. A pleasant everyday red.
Dark violet color. Bright, toasty, fruity aromas of lilacs, pickles, and cherries with a glycerous, crisp, dryish medium body and a warming, intricate, medium-length nutskins and earth finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nice everyday red that will be versatile.
Pale bright golden straw color. Mild, fruity, earthy aromas of papaya custard, melon rind, fallen apple, and lemon water with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk lime and mineral finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A dry, very Old World styled riesling with crisp acidity and good minerality.
Bright clear medium light garnet color. Fruity, inviting aromas of red rhubarb, cranberries, pressed linen, and tart cherries with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity aromas of ripe red cherries, raspberries, red licorice, and pressed linen and turned earth with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, breezy finish with medium firm tannins and light oak. Some lovely components.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Brilliant garnet black color. Delicate, herbal, buttery aromas of berry buttercream and toasted herb bread with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, breezy sour cherry, salty roasted nuts, beets, and cedar finish with soft chewy tannins. A solid, savory pinot noir that will cover a lot of bases.
Clear dusty ruby color. Lively, fruity aromas of cherry custard, spiced watermelon, and toffee with a even, racy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length marinated beets, citrus, salty nuts, and pepper finish with medium dusty firm tannins and light oak. A nice dry pinot noir for the table.
Dark garnet color. Mild aromas of spiced cherries and watermelon with a supple, bright, petillant, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, easy nuts finish with soft chewy tannins and light oak. A nice, easy drinking sipper.
Brilliant straw color. Faint aromas of starfruit, cashew, and nutshell with a soft, bright, dryish light body and an even, relaxed kiwi, lemon rind, and earth finish. A delicate, nuanced pinot grigio.
Bright medium golden straw color. Lively, citrusy aromas of exotic tropical fruits and blossoms with a lean, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, captivating, breezy apple, pear, and delicate spice finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nicely layered, juicy pinot gris that is refreshing and sure to please.
Bright brilliant medium dark garnet color. Bright, fruity, smoky aromas of blackberries, black cherries, petrol/rubbery reductive notes, and wine gums purple gummy bears with a tart, dryish medium-full body and a warming, intricate, medium-length finish with fruit fine firm tannins and light oak. Juicy new world take on an old world varietal.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Lively, fruity, toasty aromas of black currants, baked cedar planks, roasted nuts, and white pepper with a puckering, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. Savory red with subtle flavors, alcohol peeks through.
Garnet black color. Delicate, fruity aromas of raisins, fig cake, and toffee with a silky, crisp, light-to-medium body and a tingling, buoyant chocolate citrus and nutskins finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A pleasant, easy-drinking zinfandel.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, peppery aromas of black currants, black raspberries, white pepper, and bramble with a tangy, dry full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with fruit grippy tannins and moderate oak. Lovely dark fruits are blanketed by firm tannins.
Bright clear light straw color. Lively, fruity, peppery earthy creamy aromas of yellow apples, white pepper, volcanic ash, and cream with a vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium brick red color. Delicate, fruity, nutty toasty aromas of black berries, black walnut skin, meaty - hung game, and potters clay with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Enticing warm flavors in an 'old world' style.
Ruby black color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of blueberry cobbler and carrot cake with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, carefree blood orange, beets, nuts, and earth finish with crunchy dusty tannins and moderate oak. A nice chewy pinot that will do well with food.
Bright pale straw color. Bold, fruity, spicy aromas of green melons, gooseberries, lemon grass, and cats pee with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Vibrant and complex.
Bright light straw green color. Fruity aromas of key limes, yellow juicy fruit, dried lemon grass, and turned earth with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, medium-length finish with fruit firm tannins and light oak. Very complex.
Bright medium straw green color. Fruity, earthy creamy aromas of granny smith apples, Meyer lemon, gravel, and key lime pith with a lively, medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and light oak. Cleanly made good structure would like this wine at the table.
Black violet color. Lively, curious aromas of agave, grilled pineapple, honeyed pomegranate, and mixed peppercorns with a supple, tangy, off-dry medium body and a smooth, compelling, cheery pencil shavings and cinnamon spiced nuts finish with crunchy firm tannins and moderate oak. An entertaining off-dry red that will pair well with BBQ and spicy meat dishes.
Nearly opaque deep purple color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of blueberry pie a la mode and nougat with a silky, crisp, fruity medium-to-full body and a polished, interesting, breezy chocolate dried raspberries and cream finish with silky tannins. A very pleasant, easy drinking shiraz.
Opaque black ruby color. Lively, curious, earthy smoky aromas of ink, charcoal grilled berries, nutshells, and twigs with a glycerous, lively, dryish medium-full body and a warming, intricate, medium-long mulberries, cocoa, and forest floor finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A very earthy, smoky, old world red for game dishes.
Bright dark garnet black color. Lively, fruity, spicy aromas of mulberries, black currants, spiced green plums, and turned earth with a supple, vibrant, dry medium-full body and a peppery, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Pink coral color. Delicate, earthy aromas of dried flowers and craisins with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an even, crisp cherry pit, nutshell, and earth finish with no oak. A pleasant, refreshing rose.
Brilliant yellow straw color. Bright, creamy aromas of toasted meringue and spicy peach and apple tart with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, easy roasted nuts, chestnut honey, and green apple finish with soft, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A nice oaky viognier.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Delicate, fruity, woody aromas of creme de cassis, cedar, potter's clay, and raspberries with a crisp, dry medium body and a warming, distinctive finish with fine, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Ruby black color. Delicate, earthy aromas of toffee, chestnut honey, and twig and leaves with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, compelling, crisp dried sour cherry, orange peel, borscht, and nutskin finish with light oak. A tangy, earthy cab franc that will shine at the table.
Bright pale light straw color. Delicate, fruity, exotic aromas of fruit cocktail, peach nectar, and bread toast with a supple, lively, dry body and a warming, layered, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright clear straw color. Lively, fruity aromas of dried lemon peal, lemon curd, key lime cream, and lignated stems with a chewy, bright, dry medium-full body and a peppery, complex, breezy finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Dark garnet black color. Delicate, buttery aromas of baked berries, spice, and glued wood with a satiny, soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy craisins, spiced nuts and apples, chalk, and cracked pepper finish with grippy, coating tannins and moderate oak. A solid petit verdot with a savory streak for the table.
Deep purple color. Fruity aromas of berry tart, cashew nougat, and floral spices with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, medium-length vanilla cream, peppery spices, and cedar finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A big, brawny yet silky cab.
Nearly opaque ruby black color. Delicate, earthy, floral aromas of orchid, clementine, cedar, and chocolate nuts with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity light body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length beets, chocolate, and earth finish with soft tannins and light oak. A solid dry sipper or table wine.
Nearly opaque ruby black color. Delicate, floral, fruity aromas of pomegranate, earth, and dried strawberry with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, stimulating, breezy dried cherry and earth finish with grippy, cottony tannins and moderate oak. A sturdy, chewy Barbera driven red.
Nearly opaque violet color. Bright, attractive, creamy aromas of mocha, berry pie, and mossy earth with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length beets, pencil shavings, dried cherries, and earth finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nicely framed red with a nice combination of fruit and savoriness.
Bright straw green color. Bold, interesting, savory floral aromas of dried kiwi and apricot, honeysuckle, and spiced apple with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, delightful, cheery lychee, mango, and chalk finish with fine, crunchy, fruit tannins and light oak. A refreshing, dry white with nice light flower notes and minerality.
Yellow color. Aromas of apple, apricot, and spiced custard with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and an even, compelling, medium-length apple sauce and lemon sorbet finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice fruity, easy drinking white.
Dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas of spiced cherries and delicate blossoms with a supple, bright, dryish medium body and a smooth, cheery melon and nuts finish with light oak. A solid pinot sipper.
Bright pale clear golden straw color. Aromas of bruised peaches, turned earth, and cream with a tart, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, momentary finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Silvery straw color. Delicate aromas of Asian pear, nougat, and spice with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length starfruit, creamy tapioca, pepper, and melon rind finish. A warming, tingling sake.
Clear light silver color. Mild, creamy aromas of nougat, toasted coconut, and latte with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity light body and a tingling, interesting, easy papaya cream, radish, spiced pineapple, and potato skin finish. A big, warming and artfully balanced sake that makes a nice impact.
Bright pale straw green color. Delicate, citrusy aromas of grapefruit and grass with a soft, tart, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, quick green apple skin finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A nice carefree, dry shellfish wine.
Brilliant silvery emerald straw color. Bright, floral aromas of orchids and peonies, peach tart, and melon with a soft, racy, dryish medium body and a tingling, interesting, cheery mango, Meyer lemon, and chalk finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and light oak. A bright, cheery, dry white wine.
Nearly opaque violet color. Rich, fruity, toasty aromas of berry pie and baked apple with a glycerous, crisp, dryish medium-full body and a tingling, breezy sandalwood and nutshells finish with clunky, woody tannins and moderate oak. A firm, tangy red for the table.
Garnet color. Aromas of cherry and cranberry tart, candied violets, baking spices, and orange blossoms with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, medium-length pencil shavings, mulberries, and nutskin finish with chewy, hard tannins and moderate oak. A well made, chewy red for the table.
Yellow color. Aromas of spicy fruit compote and nougat with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an even, appealing, breezy Meyer lemon, melon, and minerals finish with fine tannins. A refreshing white with a lot of versatility.
Deep purple color. Fruity, creamy aromas of creme brulee and black raspberry tart with a silky, lively, dryish medium body and a tingling, intriguing, medium-length vanilla cream and nuts and bark finish with well-integrated, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nicely balanced red for the table.
Black garnet color. Delicate, fruity aromas of boysenberries, creamy nougat, and delicate spice with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a breezy sour cherries and delicate herbs finish with papery, firm tannins and moderate oak. A tangy, firmly structured red for the table.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Fruity, toasty aromas of spiced black cherry, tobacco, butter cream, and cedar with a chewy, lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with grippy, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Fruity, toasty aromas of black cherry, red licorice, dried twigs, and lemon pepper with a chewy, lively, dry medium-full body and a peppery, complex, buoyant finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark ruby black color. Fruity, toasty aromas of cherry clafoutis, cherimoya, cream, and gravel with a chewy, tangy, dry medium-full body and a warming, layered finish with fruit, grippy, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Yellow color. Aromas of apple-peach pastry and praline with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, engaging, melon, lemon sorbet, and earth finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A crisp and refreshing white wine.
Dark bright garnet black color. Bright aromas of black cherries, tree bark, and tobacco with an lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with fruit, fine, firm tannins and moderate oak. Impressive fine fruit tannins.
Bright dark ruby black color. Lively aromas of blackberry, black cherry, coconut - vanillin, and tobacco with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a warming, elegant, medium-long finish with fruit, fine, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Lively, earthy, fruity toasty aromas of roasted grain, charred cherries, tobacco, and oven tempered cedar planks with a tannic, lively, dry full body and a peppery, layered, medium-length finish with firm, grippy tannins and heavy oak. Enticing savory tannins that should reward cellaring.
Bright pale emerald straw color. Mild, pure aromas of melon and lemon with a soft, tangy, dryish medium body and a tingling, interesting, easy minerals, green apple skin, and nutskin finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and light oak. A well balanced and lively dry seafood wine.
Bright pale light straw green color. Lively, fruity, floral earthy aromas of green apple skin, dried fruit - peaches, honeysuckle, and gravel with a lively, effervescent, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright pale light emerald straw color. Lively, fruity, floral aromas of peach skin & pits, lemon curd, white flowers, and key lime custard with a lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright light yellow straw color. Bright, attractive, fruity aromas of spiced peaches and lemon custard pie with a lively, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a warming, appealing, medium-length apple sauce, pear, and apricot finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A fun, snappy, carefree sipper that tastes like a nice fruit cocktail.
Pale bright silvery emerald straw color. Lively, sweet, fruity aromas of peach sorbet and key lime pie with a supple, crisp, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a polished, relaxed green apple and chalk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A refreshing, easy drinking fruity sparkler for the deck.
Ruby black color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of berry pie a la mode and cocoa with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, buoyant cherry, salt and peppered nuts, and cedar finish with leafy tannins and light oak. A rock solid zin.
Bright medium garnet color. Bright, fruity, toasty smoky savory aromas of raspberry compote, dried plums, dried twigs, and sandalwood with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with fine, firm, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Violet color. Delicate, fruity, baked aromas of strawberry rhubarb pie and cherry chutney with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy dark roasted nuts and earth finish with papery tannins and moderate oak. A solid, dry red for the table.
Bright pale emerald straw color. Bright, floral, fruity aromas of musky peaches, lemon salt water taffy, quince, and spring water with a bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, complex, relaxed finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright dark dusty ruby color. Aromas of sweet black plums, caramel, tree bark, and raisinettes with a chewy, crisp, sweet full body and a warming, complex, easy finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of blueberry-apple tart with a supple, tangy, petillant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, breezy nuts and chalk finish with no oak. A solid nicely balanced fruit wine.
Pale light dull white gold color. Bright, spicy, exotic herbal aromas of wintergreen, spiced pear, and white toffee with a soft, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a warming, interesting, buoyant starfruit, peppered mango, minerals, and spiced nuts finish. A solid, well balanced sparkling mead with a nice range of fruits, spicy, and minty flavors.
Pale clear pink coral color. Lively, attractive, fruity aromas of strawberry jam and honeyed toast with a velvety, crisp, sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length dark berry jam on scone finish. A very tasty berry dessert mead that will finish a meal nicely or be a fun cocktail ingredient.
Bright medium light siam color. Earthy, fruity floral aromas of cherry-berry, powdered koolaid, dried red flowers, and gravel with a lively, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, intricate, medium-length finish with fruit, fine tannins and no oak.
Bright medium clear golden straw color. Bright, attractive, toasty aromas of lemon chiffon and pineapple cake with an even, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length melon rind, apple skin, and earth finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A breezy, carefree sipper.
Bright medium salmon orange color. Bright, fruity aromas of citrus and berries with a soft, vibrant, finely carbonated, fruity medium body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length minerals, melon, and earth finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A pleasant, easy drinking sparkler.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Lively, minerally aromas of mulberries, blackberries, spring water, and wood smoke with a lightly tannic, tangy, dry full body and a warming, complex, breezy finish with firm, woody tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of buttery nut brittle and berry custard pie with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and an appealing, cheery tart cherry and cedar finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A nice tangy cabernet that will be versatile at the table.
Bright dark brick red color. Lively, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of ripe plums, blackcurrants, dried straw, and purple pez with a tart, dry medium-full body and a warming, intriguing, brisk finish with firm, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Inviting, fruity earthy toasty aromas of black cherries, wood smoke, roasted herbs, and cedar with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a warming, distinctive, breezy finish with firm, coating, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet black color. Delicate, nutty aromas of roasted whole nuts, dark chocolate, and tree bark with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a silky, relaxed berry tart and earth finish with fine, woody tannins and moderate oak. A appetizing, well-oaked merlot.
Bright medium brick red color. Delicate, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of black plums, blackcurrants/ pomegranates, toffee, and dried twigs with an crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, elegant, snappy finish with firm, fruit tannins and light oak.
Ruby black color. Rich, roasted aromas of coffee, toffee, and berry pie crust with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, refreshing, breezy tomato, earth, and nutshell finish with crunchy, earthy tannins and moderate oak. A nicely structured wine for the table.
Dark bright dusty ruby color. Bright, earthy, fruity aromas of black plums, black raspberries, sandalwood, and loess/wind blown silt with a bright, dry full body and a warming, medium-long finish with firm, fruit tannins and light oak.
Silvery straw color. Delicate, inviting aromas of tapioca and dried coconut and banana with a silky, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a seamless, breezy nutskin, coconut milk, and vanilla cream finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and light oak. A nice dry oak sauvignon blanc in the fume style.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of cassis, spiced pomegranate, dried twigs, and centrum multivitamins with a tannic, crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, brisk finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Pale steely pink color. Delicate, fruity, grassy aromas of gooseberries and cherry with a silky, tangy, dryish light-to-medium body and a polished, appealing, breezy citrus and minerals finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A very nice dry rosé.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, earthy woody aromas of black berries, plums, leather, and potters clay with a chewy, bright, dry medium-full body and a warming, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated, fruit tannins and moderate oak.
Medium bright brick red color. Lively, inviting, fruity earthy toasty aromas of ripe black cherries, pomegranate, dried leaves, and toasted caramel with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, subtle, medium-length finish with well-integrated, firm, fruit tannins and light oak.
Medium garnet color. Lively, fruity, toasty earthy aromas of dried cherries, dried leaves, tree sap, and subtle toast with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, quick finish with well-integrated, firm, fruit tannins and light oak. Rustic old world style, reminiscent of a Burgundy from the Cote de Chalonaise
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Dark dusty ruby color. Delicate, exotic aromas of white chocolate raisins, spiced nuts, and exotic berry compote with a satiny, tangy, dry-yet-fruity body and a polished, delightful, cheery blood orange and earth finish with fine tannins and light oak. A fun, very different red blend.
Silvery emerald straw color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of ripe kiwi, lychee, and orange blossoms with a soft, fruity light body and a sleek, interesting, snappy topical fruit salad with banana, green apple, earth, and marinated cucumber finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A nice combination of fruit and savory notes.
Bright pale medium light gold color. Fruity, floral spicy aromas of spiced yellow apples, cardamom, white flower note, and subtle Vietnamese cinnamon with a crisp, off-dry medium-to-full body and an effortless, complex, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium yellow straw color. Aromas of yellow apples, pineapple, bread crust, and lemon pith with a vibrant, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, complex, breezy finish with firm, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Lively, fruity aromas of black currants, black cherries, turned earth, and white pepper with an tangy, dry medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium bright gold color. Lively, fruity, minerally aromas of green apples, apricot pits, gravel, and lemon zest with a puckering, dry medium body and a warming, complex, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Dusty brown brick red color. Bright, mature aromas of raisin compote and brown sugar with a glycerous, vibrant, moderately sweet medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length caramelized nuts and spiced pears finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A supple, sweet wine.
Bright medium black ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas of berry pie a la mode, chocolate, and spiced nuts with an oily, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tingling, complex, easy dried cherries, leather, and vanilla finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A nicely balanced Napa cabernet.
Yellow color. Aromas of white grapefruit, hay, lemon skin, and pear with a lean, crisp, dry medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length grapefruit, lemon, pear, and fresh mowed grass finish with no tannins and no oak. Classic style, well balanced and offering plenty of juicy grapefruit, with just the right touch of fresh cut grass.
Ruby color. Aromas of cherry, boysenberry, vanilla, and tomato leaf with a round, soft, dry medium body and a seamless, brisk cherry, strawberry, plum, and vanilla finish with silky tannins and light oak. Quaffable cherry and berry flavors with soft tannins and sweet vanilla, perfect for everyday enjoyment.
Indigo color. Bright, spicy, herbal aromas of berry powder and spiced cherries with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, refreshing, crisp eucalyptus, mulberry, orange, and nuts finish with light oak. A nice, spicy, tangy red.
Yellow color. Aromas of white grapefruit, peach, fresh thyme, and jalapeno with a round, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a sleek, interesting, medium-length lime, white grapefruit, nectarine, and honeydew finish with no tannins and no oak. Vibrant and balanced with peach and grapefruit interplaying with a hint of jalapeno and fresh herbs.
Dark black ruby color. Bright, fruity, tropical aromas of baked berries, peppery spices, and toasty cedar with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length apple skin and melon finish with chewy, woody tannins and moderate oak. A zesty, well oaked red with a nice layer of spice.
Dark color. Earthy, roasted aromas of dark berry, bacon, vanilla, and black soil with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, appealing, medium-length black currant, grilled orange zest, sweet vanilla mocha, and cherry skin finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. Bold, juicy and unapologetic - full of ripe cherry and berry, tart fruit notes and a chunky tannic finish literally begging for a juicy steak.
Golden straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of apples, pineapples, and nut brittle with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, relaxed finish with light oak. A very pleasant, nice oaked chardonnay.
Ruby color. Aromas of black raspberry, plum, roast brisket, and sweet vanilla with a round, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, medium-long black raspberry, plum compote, savory berry jus, and sweet vanilla finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and smooth with crushed plum and black raspberry notes interplaying with savory notes.
Yellow color. Aromas of grapefruit, lemon, green apple, and wet stones with a silky, tangy, bone-dry medium body and a polished, charming, medium-length green apple, white peach, lemon, and grapefruit finish with no tannins and no oak. Round and full of ripe citrus, a touch of peach and savory minerality.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Aromas of black raspberry, lingonberry, vanilla, and crushed cherry with a slightly chewy, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length black cherry, crushed plum, pomegranate, and sweet vanilla finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Bold, rich and fat, yet with svelte tannins, well-balanced acid and sweet vanilla.
Ruby color. Aromas of dark cherry, brisket, plum jam, and briar with a round, soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless, delightful, medium-length black raspberry, cherry jam, lingonberry, and vanilla finish with soft, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Dark and juicy with plenty of stuffing ending with soft, luxurious tannins.
Straw color. Aromas of yellow pear, white lilies, honeydew, and nectarine with a round, soft, fizzy, fruity medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length peach, lilies, ripe pear, and sliced nectarine finish with no tannins and no oak. A beautiful floral component and a hint of sweetness with a generous fruitiness creates an easy to like style, perfect for cocktailing and celebrations.
Straw color. Aromas of applesauce, pear, white cranberry, and cantaloupe with a supple, bright, finely carbonated, dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, appealing, brisk yellow apple, white peach, grapefruit, and sweet lime finish with no tannins and no oak. Bright, lively and elegant with satiny bubbles, sweet citrus, tangy acidity and a squeaky clean finish.
Bright pale straw green color. Delicate, fruity aromas of peach skin, lemon zest, and turned earth with a lean, crisp, dry medium body and a warming, momentary finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright silvery emerald straw color. Lively, fruity, floral sweet aromas of peach blossom, tangerine, gardenia, and honey with a lean, racy, bone-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, elegant, medium-length peach, lemon, crisp pear, and creek stones finish with no tannins and no oak. Crisp, aromatic and refreshing with a superb balance of light, mineral driven body, racy electric mouthfeel and lovely floral nose.
Straw green color. Delicate, floral, fruity aromas of white blossoms, orange and peach sorbets, and apple soda with a silky, crisp, off-dry light body and a breezy praline finish with no oak. A nice lighter styled and refreshing dessert wine.
Dusty ruby color. Delicate, nutty, roasted aromas of roasted coconut and tomatoes and berry cobbler with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, easy roasted nuts and earth finish with moderate oak. A nice toasty red for the table.
Garnet black color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of cherry chutney, spiced melon, and mulberries with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, breezy finish with light oak. A nice juicy, easy-drinking red.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Lively, toasty, fruity aromas of blackberries, blueberries, toasted coconuts, and gravel with an crisp, dry full body and a warming, delightful, buoyant finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of ripe black currants, plums, and planked cedar with an tangy, dry medium-full body and a warming, interesting, carefree finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A solid cabernet.
Nearly opaque color. Mild, fruity aromas of plum, red cherry, vanilla, and boysenberry with a bright, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length red cherry, plum, sweet vanilla, and allspice finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Cherry and plum flavors are framed by sweet vanilla, a touch of spice and finish with tannins waiting for a nicely grilled piece of meat.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, earthy, fruity toasty aromas of spiced berries, mocha, planked cedar, and turned earth with a crisp, dry full body and a warming, delightful, breezy finish with firm tannins and light oak.
Bright dark ruby black color. Lively, fruity, earthy toasty savory aromas of ripe black currants, potters clay, and cedar with a tannic, tangy, dry full body and a warming, amusing, brisk finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium ruby color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of creme de cassis, mocha, and potters clay with a lightly tannic, lively, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet color. Aromas of spiced berries, chocolate mint, and mocha with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and a charming, crisp cherry jam and vanilla nuts finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A nice easy drinking merlot.
Ruby color. Bright, earthy, fruity oaky aromas of cherry, cocoa, vanilla, and cassis with a creamy, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, distinctive, medium-long dark cherry, vanilla, currant, and rich earth finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Merlot for the cabernet lover with classic cherry-vanilla-cassis and rich earthiness, but with supple, silky, fine merlot tannins.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Mild, fruity, inviting toasty savory aromas of ripe plums, turned earth, cassis, and hint of black peppercorns with a crisp, dry medium-full body and a peppery, elegant, medium-length finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet color. Delicate, fruity aromas of raisin and plum pie with a soft, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, breezy praline and cedar bark finish with fine tannins and light oak. A very fruity and light, easy drinking everyday red.
Bright violet color. Funky aromas of berry custard and spiced apples with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length blood orange, nutskins, and cedar finish with dusty, woody tannins and moderate oak. A solid, well oaked red with table friendly tannins.
Black violet color. Bright, fruity aromas of blackberry pie, spiced sour cherries, and orange candy with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk nut brittle and grape jam on toast finish with fine tannins and light oak. A jammy, very fruity red blend.
Black violet color. Fruity, rustic aromas of blackberry, lingonberry, black pepper, and cherry jam with a creamy, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy blackberry, plum, black pepper, and boysenberry finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and smooth with loads of red fruit, creamy tannins and a zesty note of cracked black pepper.
Black violet color. Rich, fruity, jammy spicy aromas of plum jam, vanilla, boysenberry, and wild strawberry with an lively, dry medium body and a warming, interesting, easy boysenberry, cherry, vanilla, and black pepper finish with crunchy, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and rustic delivering plenty of fruit and chewy, satisfying tannins.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet black color. Delicate, creamy, fruity toasty aromas of berry creme brulee and nut brittle with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, intriguing, breezy spiced caramel apple and pear and melon finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A fleshy and attractive pinot.
Bright color. Mild, minerally aromas of red cherry, mushroom, tobacco, and strawberry with a soft, bright, dry medium body and a sleek, intriguing, medium-length red cherry, plum skin, mushroom, and dried strawberry finish with medium tannins and light oak. Plenty of cherry and berry flavors plus mushroom and a hint of tobacco with slightly rustic and tart tannins.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, earthy, fruity aromas of raspberries, lightly spiced red cherry, rhubarb, and dried leaves with an lively, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, refreshing, brisk finish with fine tannins and light oak.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Fruity, creamy toasty aromas of dark cherries, mocha, butter cream, and dried leather with a lively, dry full body and a warming, distinctive, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Dusty garnet color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of dark roasted nuts, baked cherries, and brown spices with a silky, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, cheery grilled beets and cedar bark finish with light oak. A nice savory pinot noir sipper.
Ruby color. Aromas of cherry, plum, vanilla, and lingonberry with a round, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a cherry, plum, blackberry, and vanilla finish. Cherry, plum and berry flavors unfold against a supple palate with a touch of sweet vanilla.
Violet color. Aromas of black raspberry pie, vanilla toffee, and spice with a silky, lively, fruity medium body and a sleek, delightful, medium-length honeyed nuts, black cherry, and cedar finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A solid everyday shiraz.
Violet color. Aromas of berries, toffee, and chocolate mint with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length sour cherry, blood orange, and nutshell finish. A solid sipper.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright garnet black color. Bold, fruity, exotic complex savory aromas of black raspberry, vanilla compote, lingonberry jam, and juicy sweet watermelon with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length plum jam, compressed watermelon, boysenberry, and sweet vanilla finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and satisfying with silky smooth tannins, a touch of sweet vanilla oak and layers of delicious red fruit.
Neon light ruby color. Delicate, fruity aromas of mixed red berries and raisin nut toast with a supple, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and an even, captivating, medium-length melon, green apple, and lime finish with soft, crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A nice zippy, mouthwatering rosé.
Pink color. Aromas of dried strawberry, cherry, and watermelon with a round, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy cherry, strawberry, watermelon, and red apple finish with no oak. Cherry and strawberry on the nose and palate finishes with nice, crisp red apple.
Pink color. Aromas of berry sorbet, citrus, honeycomb, and earth with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an interesting, breezy white strawberry, salted nuts, and raisin soda bread finish. A nice dry rose.
Brilliant Siam color. Fruity aromas of honeyed cherries and strawberry soda with a supple, tangy, effervescent, off-dry light-to-medium body and a sleek, relaxed berry jam, green apple, and seltzer finish. A nice, tangy sparkler.
Yellow straw color. Bold, tropical aromas of guava, passionfruit, and orange with a silky, lively, spritzy, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length pear sauce finish. An intensely fruity sparkler that tastes like fruit punch or a virgin mai tai.
Bright medium gold color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of lemon-lime fruit tarts, apple pectin, gravel, and melba toast with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, involved, snappy finish with firm, fruit tannins and light oak. Lots of nice flavors, comes off as a bit watery.
Bright medium yellow straw color. Lively, fruity, creamy toasty aromas of yellow apples, roasted pineapple, gravel, and Schweppes bitter lemon with a crisp, dryish full body and a warming, intricate, breezy finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Bright color. Mild, elegant, oaky aromas of pineapple, vanilla, pear tartlet, and apricot with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and an effortless, interesting, medium-length pineapple, vanilla, sweet lime, and musk melon finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Classic flavors of tropical fruit and pear with plenty of sweet vanilla richness.
Bright medium straw green color. Lively, fruity, buttery clean toasty aromas of yellow apples, butter cream, toasted cedar, and gravel with a crisp, dry full body and a warming, nuanced, breezy finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Gold color. Aromas of ripe pear, cantaloupe, lemon meringue pie, and baking spice with a round, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a silky, complex, medium-length yellow apple, pear compote, vanilla, and steely minerality finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Elegant style with well ripened fruit, balanced acidity and a perfect note of oak that is ever present, but never overpowering.
Yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity, citrusy aromas of lime sorbet and spiced pineapple with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, intriguing, easy yellow apple and citrus gelato finish with light oak. A nice, fruity, easy drinking chardonnay.
Silvery straw color. Mild, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of spiced apple, praline, and oak with a silky, dry-yet-fruity body and a smooth, delightful, breezy exotic tropical fruit salad and nuts finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A refreshing, light white wine blend.
Silvery straw color. Bright, interesting aromas of overripe peaches, Greek yogurt, lemon rind, and white nuts with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light body and a smooth, charming, medium-length honeyed apples and orange finish with no oak. A plucky, fruity pinot grigio sipper.
Yellow color. Aromas of guava, caramelized banana, papaya, and gardenia with a supple, tangy, dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, elegant, medium-length sweet lime, crisp granny smith apple, guava, and lemon balm finish with no tannins and no oak. Crisp and bright with a nose that intrigues with exotic fruit and a palate that is crisp and lively.
Silvery straw color. Mild, citrusy, clean fruity aromas of green apple and lemon peel with a supple, crisp, off-dry body and a seamless, refreshing, carefree apple sauce and lime finish with no oak. A refreshing off-dry sipper.
Bright light yellow straw color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of Meyer lemon, lemon flavored salt water taffy, apple pectin, and white pepper with an crisp, dryish full body and a warming, elegant, medium-long finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Silvery straw color. Bright, citrusy aromas of grapefruit, lemon, and white strawberries with a silky, soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, relaxed wheatgrass, yellow apple, and lemon tea finish. A very pleasant, soft and inviting sauvignon blanc.
Bright light straw green color. Bright, attractive, tropical aromas of mango chutney, spiced green apple, lime sorbet, and nougat with a soft, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, breezy grass and sweet citrus finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A lively fruity sauvignon blanc.
Bright light gold color. Fruity aromas of spiced peaches, honeysuckle, and green nectarines with an lively, off-dry medium-full body and an even, complex, breezy finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium bright gold color. Lively, fruity, creamy toasty aromas of pineapple yogurt, Meyer lemon, toasted coconut, and potters clay with a satiny, crisp, dry full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with woody, crunchy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium light gold color. Mild, fruity, toasty attractive aromas of yellow apples, butter cream, Meyer lemon, and potters clay with an soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a smooth, distinctive, easy finish with fine, well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Bright medium golden straw color. Bright, fruity, piney woody savory aromas of spiced yellow apples, fruit cocktail, planked pine, and pine cones with an vibrant, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, compelling, buoyant finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Light golden straw color. Bright, fruity, earthy citrusy floral aromas of applesauce, pear, cantaloupe, and lemongrass with an bright, dry medium body and a graceful, interesting, rapid nectarine, apple skin, fig, and grapefruit finish with no tannins and no oak. Bright, crisp and quaffable with apricot and apple flavors that finish with citrus and melon.
Burnt sienna color. Bold, fruity, jammy aromas of black raspberry, lingonberry, vanilla, and cherry jam with a creamy, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a silky, refreshing, medium-length red cherry, sliced plum, dark garden soil, and vanilla pomegranate cake finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Juicy and fruit forward with well-integrated tannins, rich earthiness and a bold, dark cherry, satisfying finish.
 Sustainable Farming-Demeter Certified 
 Sustainable Farming-Demeter Certified 
 Sustainable Farming-Demeter Certified 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Certified Organic-Fair Trade Certified-Organically Grown Grapes 
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright medium light gold color. Lively, fruity, complex aromas of green apples, lemon zest, vanillin tinged oak, and turned earth with an tangy, dryish full body and a warming, captivating, medium-long finish with well-integrated, fine, firm tannins and moderate oak.
 Organically Grown Grapes-Certified Organic 
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
 Sustainable Farming 
Bright medium bright gold color. Bright, fruity, funky aromas of quince, musky peach, lemon butter cream, and tree bark with a chewy, racy, dryish full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with fine, fruit tannins.
Bright pale light straw green color. Mild, fruity, clean aromas of yellow apples, lemon cream, buttered toast, and banana leaf with an bright, dryish full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-length finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium light gold color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of shriveled grapes, honeyed peaches, and raisin soda bread with a soft, bright, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a graceful, captivating, medium-length vanilla cream and dried pear finish with fine, crunchy tannins and no oak. A nice, lighter styled dessert wine.
Bright gold color. Oaky, fruity creamy aromas of Asian pear, apple, vanilla, and toast with a creamy, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, engaging, medium-length ripe pear, golden pineapple, exotic citrus, and toasty vanilla finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Generous style with golden pineapple, toasty vanilla and juicy pear.
Bright gold color. Delicate, fruity, minerally aromas of apple, river rock, white peach, and pink grapefruit with a supple, lively, dry medium body and a sleek, delightful, medium-length yellow watermelon, white peach, granny smith apple, and creek stones finish with no tannins and light oak. Light, crisp and mineral driven with elegant, bright fruit and a gentle touch of oak.
Neon light garnet color. Lively, fruity, earthy minerally aromas of cherry, raspberry, vanilla-blueberry scone, and dried lingonberry with a tart, dry medium body and a tingling, nuanced, medium-long red cherry, tart raspberry, blood orange, and dried plum finish with chewy tannins. Red fruit upon red fruit upon red fruit both fresh, crushed and dried from nose to palate to the satisfyingly chewy tannic finish.
Deep purple color. Bright, fruity, roasted aromas of plum, cherry, lingonberry, and grilled bread with an lively, dry medium body and a smooth, amusing, medium-length plum, cherry, dried raspberry, and vanilla finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Ripe, juicy fruit finishes bone dry with well integrated tannins and sweet vanilla oak that does not overpower the lush fruit.
Bright dark ruby black color. Bright, fruity, grainy minty peppery aromas of black raspberries, dried herbs, wheaties cereal, and black pepper with a lightly tannic, tart, dryish full body and a peppery, distinctive, breezy finish with grippy, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Golden straw color. Lively, toasty, creamy fruity aromas of toasted coconut, mocha, and pineapple tart with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, relaxed pickled lemon rind, baked apple, and nut skin finish with light oak. A pleasant and savory oak accented Chardonnay.
Garnet color. Aromas of black currant, rich earth, plum, and violets with a round, bright, dry medium body and a sleek, intricate, medium-length red currant, damson plum, violet, and vanilla finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and ripe fruits integrate with notes of violet and just the right amount of sweet oak.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of vanilla nut brittle, cherry cola float, and alpine mint with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a warming, snappy finish with accents of cedar, spiced apples and nuts, and pepper with crunchy tannins. A nice warming sipper.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of creme brulee, chocolate black raspberries, and menthol mint with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a warming, buoyant cedar, nutskin, and baking spices finish with papery tannins and moderate oak. A tasty table wine.
Straw color. Bright aromas of peach custard, citrus peel, and earth with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an even, refreshing, breezy pear and melon finish. A nice sipper.
Golden straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of ripe nectarine, sweet citrus, and nutshell with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, buoyant finish. A tasty pinot grigio for everyday enjoyment.
Bright light silvery straw color. Inviting aromas and flavors of stone fruit, ripe green apple, hint of honeysuckle, and hint of minerality and candle wax with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, charming, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium straw color. Inviting aromas and flavors of apple butter, dried straw, minerality, and powdered (dried) mushrooms with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, delightful finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Silvery straw color. Delicate aromas and flavors of pear custard, grilled quince, and gherkin with a bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy finish displaying notes of melon rind, delicate grass, and nutshell with leafy tannins. A nice relaxing sauvignon blanc.
Straw color. Delicate aromas and flavors of toasted almonds, sea salt, and grassy herbs with a silky, bright, light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy finish with notes of chalk. A solid manzanilla.
Yellow color. Aromas and flavors of granola, spiced papaya, roasted turnip, and rubber with a supple, bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a brisk finish evoking accents of melon rind, sweet cream, and minerals. A solid, earthy cava.
Pale straw emerald color. Attractive aromas and flavors of lemon curd, crenshaw melon, and dusty bamboo with a chewy, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a captivating finish.
Bright medium straw emerald color. Aromas and flavors of quince, grilled peaches, turned earth, and steamed green bamboo with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity body and a warming, complex finish with fine tannins and light oak.
Light silvery straw color. Aromas and flavors of creamy nougat, overripe green apple, and rice candy with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy finish conveying notes of radish and rice wafer. A nice savory sake that will shine at the table.
Light golden silver color. Bright aromas and flavors of green apples, melon, and kiwi with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, crisp finish revealing accents of clementine, nut, and limestone with no oak. A charming, easy drinking chardonnay.
Ruby color. Lively aromas and flavors of honeyed raisin toast and dark cherry pie crust with a silky, bright, fruity body and a finish imparting suggestions of berry custard and cedar with light oak. A nice simple every day.
Silvery straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of fruit salad and banana cream pie with a silky, crisp, spritzy, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, buoyant finish that shows notes of lemon sorbet and chalk. A nice fruity, carefree quaffer.
Ruby salmon color. Bright, attractive aromas and flavors of berry sorbet and nougat with a tangy, effervescent, medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy finish. A fun berry flavored sparkler.
Light straw emerald color. Aromas and flavors of red apple and lime sorbet with a supple, crisp, petillant, off-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk finish with impressions of pear. A nice, easy drinking, spritzy sipper.
Brown black color. Bright aromas of raisins cake and roasted nuts with a supple, soft, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a warming, breezy sautéed almonds, cocoa, peppercorns, and suede finish with light oak. A nice fireside warmer.
Ruby garnet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of baked berries, dark chocolate, and peppery spices with a supple, soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, buoyant finish with notes of cedar, caramel cream, cracked pepper, and tomato-cherry chutney with fine tannins. A robust, spicy cabernet.
Bright golden straw bronze color. Bold, brash aromas and flavors of almond skin, peach pits, stale peanut brittle, and dried twigs with a rough, bright, dryish thick body and a searing, interesting, short-lived finish with overtones of fruit leather, suede, coconut, and honey cream with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright light ruby violet color. Bright aromas and flavors of strawberry jam with a chewy, bright, fruity medium body and a finish.
Ruby color. Mild aromas and flavors of cranberry sauce, grassy herbs, and toasted nuts with a supple, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a easy finish that shows accents of tomato and cedar with leafy tannins. A nicely refreshing and dry red.
'Quiet Waters', Rosé, Anne Arundel County $25.
Golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of baked apple, praline, cornichon, and long stem flowers with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity body and a medium-length finish revealing accents of grilled pineapple, roasted nuts, and earth with leafy tannins and moderate oak. A pleasant, oak-driven white blend.
Bright dark ruby blue violet color. Aromas and flavors of ripe blackberries, bread toast, vanilla, and coconut custard with a chewy, bright, dry full body and a peppery, compelling, medium-length finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A nice everyday red.
Violet black color. Bright aromas of mulberry tart and nougat with a vibrant, fruity medium body and a warming, cherries, pepper, and honey finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A nice warming malbec.
Bright dark ruby blue violet color. Attractive, complex aromas and flavors of light chocolate, cassis, toasted marshmallow, and white pepper with a tannic, crisp, dry full body and a mildly astringent, layered, medium-long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Opaque dark violet color. Mild aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts, cedar, and blackberry tart with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a breezy finish with nuances of sour cherry, blood orange, and mocha cream with chewy tannins and light oak. A rock solid malbec with good fruit and tannins.
Dark garnet black color. Mild aromas and flavors of berry pie and creamy vanilla with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and an effortless, breezy finish with notes of cherry sauce and chocolate nuts with chewy tannins and light oak. A nice easy drinking, everyday cabernet.
Garnet color. Bright aromas of herbal cranberry chutney and rhubarb with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, cheery nougat, cedar, and earthy root vegetable finish with light oak. A solid every day red.
Dark ruby emerald color. Smoky aromas and flavors of berry custard, pickled beets, buttery nut brittle, and lit match with a soft, bright, dryish medium body and a breezy finish manifesting notes of citrus, spiced melon, nutskin, and earth with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nice savory, lively merlot that will be great at the table.
Bright golden straw color. Delicate, fruity, attractive aromas of tropical fruits and blossoms, spiced apples, lemon zest, and custard with a even, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, captivating, brisk pickled lemon and melon rinds, vanilla nuts, and earth finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nice lip-smacking chardonnay with well balanced oak.
Gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of apple tart and butter roasted nuts with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, fast coconut cream, roasted nuts, and pineapple finish with moderate oak. A nice smooth, oak accented chardonnay.
Bright gold color. Bright, fruity, buttery aromas of lemon buttercream and pound cake with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and an even, relaxed apple, nuts, and delicate spice finish. A nice light and creamy chardonnay for the deck.
Gold color. Aromas of fruit pastry, grilled pineapple, and gherkin with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, medium-length spiced apple, lime curd, and nuts finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A broad shouldered chardonnay with great depth and vigor.
Gold color. Aromas of vanilla nuts and dried papaya with a soft, lively, fruity light-to-medium body and a warming, interesting, crisp spiced apple and smoked nuts finish with fine tannins and light oak. A pleasant oaky chardonnay.
Clear light golden straw color. Lively, interesting aromas of brown butter, hazelnut latte, dark caramel apple, and lemon pith with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy pineapple, lemon, and coconut milk finish with firm tannins and light oak. A pleasant, interesting sipping chardonnay with good fruit and acidity.
Pale gold color. Bright, floral, fruity aromas of floral honeycomb, apples, and earth with a glycerous, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, nuanced, breezy lemon spritzed pineapple and clementine finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet color. Aromas of nut brittle, chocolate, and berry pie a la mode with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a tingling, amusing, breezy cedar and nutskin finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A rock solid sipper or table wine.
Clear light golden straw color. Mild, toasty, fruity aromas of green apples, apple sauce, toasted bread crust, and turned earth with a even, bright, dry medium body and a warming, appealing, brisk finish with firm tannins and light oak. A leaner styled old world chardonnay.
Clear straw color. Bright, creamy, fruity aromas of dried citrus, minerals, carnation, and peach skin with a even, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a stimulating, breezy lemon curd and green apple skin finish with no oak. A crisp and delightfully engaging Prosecco.
Clear pale light golden straw color. Delicate, floral, fruity buttery savory aromas of sautéed apples, dried straw, butter cream, and gravel with a even, crisp, dryish medium body and a warming, engaging, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak. An easy drink made in an earthier savory style.
Bright medium golden straw color. Delicate, fruity, savory aromas of green nectarine, green apples, salinity, and Meyer lemon with a supple, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, compelling, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Refreshing, very cleansing and crisp.
Light golden straw color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of tropical citrus, toasted yeast, honeycomb, and geranium with a even, bright, dryish medium body and a warming, compelling, breezy melon rind, lemon water, green apple, and chalk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A solid Spanish white that will work well with shellfish.
Pale light ruby color. Lively, curious, savory aromas of agave, grilled cherries and nuts, mulberries, and floral pepper with a soft, tangy, dryish medium body and a tingling, nuanced, breezy pomegranate, roasted nuts, and flower patch finish with fine chewy tannins and light oak. A decidedly different and fun syrah.
Dark bright garnet color. Bright, creamy aromas and flavors of blackberry pie, vanilla nut brittle, toasty cedar, and green olive with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, intriguing, relaxed finish with impressions of custard, nuts, and charcoal with light oak. A nice combination of fruit and earthy, herbal notes.
Dark garnet black color. Delicate aromas of mint leaf, spiced berries, and grass with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, carefree sour cherry compote, pomegranate, earth, and nutskin finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A pleasant sipper.
Ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas and flavors of grape jelly and strawberry jam with a supple, vibrant, fruity sweet medium body and a seamless, cheery finish imparting notes of watermelon, sweet citrus, and honey. A nice off dry sipper.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity aromas of spiced red grapes, toffee, tart cherries, and white pepper with a lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery, captivating, breezy finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and no oak. An easy simple quaffer that is nicely nuanced.
Dark ruby color. Rich, interesting, smoky meaty aromas of grilled cherries, caramelized bacon, and boysenberry creme brulee with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, snappy brown sugar finish with light oak. A very different, smoky rose for BBQ.
Pale straw color. Bright, exotic, fruity aromas of tropical fruit medley and mango cream with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, intriguing, medium-length honeyed melon, kiwi, and delicate spice finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice fruity gewurztraminer for the patio.
Bright light golden straw color. Bright, floral, fruity aromas of lychee and baked peach with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, buoyant melon, mineral, and citrus finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A smooth and tasty gewurztraminer.
Bright pale straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of banana taffy and baked lemons and peaches with a supple, vibrant, off-dry medium body and a seamless, delightful, breezy apple sauce and orange blossom water finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice off-dry sipper for the deck.
Silver color. Delicate aromas of lilac, papaya, and Playdoh with a supple, bright, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy pear sorbet, clementine, and melon finish with no oak. A very pleasant, off-dry sipper.
Clear straw color. Muted, attractive, interesting aromas of flowers with a soft, moderately sweet medium body and a graceful, sparse green chuckles finish with no tannins and no oak. A light pleaser with late sweetness.
Golden straw color. Mild, toasty, fruity aromas of apple tart, tropical flowers, and sautéed nuts with a soft, tart, bone-dry light body and a short Meyer lemon, brioche, and leaves finish with dusty leafy tannins. A very dry and austerely styled mature semillon that drinks a bit like a fino sherry.
Silvery emerald straw color. Muted, earthy aromas of dusty lemon, flower patch, and dried mango with a silky, tangy, dry light body and a smooth, buoyant white grapefruit, kiwi, green pepper skin, and nut finish. A nice dry sauvignon blanc.
Yellow color. Aromas of charred nuts, grilled citrus and sweet peppers, and starfruit with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light body and a smooth, carefree lemon, melon rind, and grassy earth finish with no oak. A fun, lightly smoky and earthy white for smoked and grilled foods.
Silvery emerald straw color. Delicate aromas of tropical fruit and apple custard with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an even, breezy lemon finish with light oak. A clean, nicely made chardonnay.
Medium clear gold color. Lively, toasty, oaky aromas of pencil shavings, pineapple, and coconut milk with a supple, tangy, dryish medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy roasted nuts and grilled lemons and apples finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A very nice oaky chardonnay.
Bright brilliant medium brown brick color. Lively, fruity, creamy aromas of gauze, red raspberry, and butter cream with a creamy, bright, dryish medium-full body and a smooth, involved, long finish with fruit well-integrated tannins and light oak. Amazingly smooth flavors.
Bright medium clear garnet color. Fruity, sweet earthy aromas of cherry compote, cherry taffy, dried leaves, and roasted nuts with a lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long finish with fruit, earthy, firm tannins and light oak. Fun in your face fruit driven pinot that would contrast nicely with earthy fare.
Bright light garnet color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of tart cherry, rhubarb, molten plastic, and cedar with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with fruit, firm tannins and light oak. Really liked the tangy upbeat flavors, they fade away too quickly.
Ruby black color. Delicate, toasty aromas of berry pastry and spiced praline with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, medium-length sour cherry, nuts, and earth finish with dusty tannins and light oak. A pleasant sipper or table companion.
Dusty ruby color. Delicate, interesting aromas of toffee, berry jam, and coconut macaroon with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a breezy praline and cedar finish with soft crunchy tannins and light oak. A solid everyday red.
Ruby garnet color. Bright, earthy aromas of warm chestnut honey, baked berries, and forest floor with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, refreshing, breezy craisin, nutskin, and earth finish with chewy soft tannins and light oak. A nice light and earthy pinot for the table.
Bright medium straw green color. Bright, fruity, peppery aromas of green nectarines and saline with a bright, dryish medium body and a warming, interesting finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright clear pale emerald straw color. Mild aromas of Meyer lemon, lemon grass, and clay with a lively, dryish light-to-medium body and a warming, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium dark brown brick color. Bright, fruity, grainy aromas of black cherries, creme de cassis, roasted grains, and saddle sweat with a bright, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, medium-long finish with fruit well-integrated firm tannins and moderate oak. Flavors are nice.
Bright medium dark dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, oaky toasty aromas of creme de cassis, dried straw, melba toast, and lightly toasted oak with a crisp, dry medium body and a seamless, interesting, breezy finish with fruit firm crunchy tannins and light oak. A pleasant quaffer.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Lively, fruity, oaky confected aromas of cherry sweet tarts, spiced Hawaiian punch, vanillin, and turned earth with a tangy, dryish medium-full body and a warming, complex, brisk finish with fruit firm tannins and moderate oak. Fun wine with many candy land flavors.
Bright medium dark dusty garnet color. Fruity, earthy aromas of huckleberries, summer cherries, green wood, and turned earth with a chewy, tangy, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, brisk finish with fruit firm tannins and moderate oak.
Opaque violet color. Bold, fruity, creamy aromas of berry custard pie, cherry gelato, grape skin, and dill pickle with a soft, racy, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length blackberry, craisin, nutskin, and cedar finish with silky tannins and light oak. An interesting combination of bright tangy berry fruit, spicy, savory oak.
Bright pale straw green color. Bright, creamy, fruity aromas of nougat and fruit salad with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, delightful, snappy peach, vanilla nuts, and pepper finish with dusty tannins and light oak. A nice lighter styled creamy white wine.
Bright medium garnet color. Bright, earthy, fruity aromas of red raspberry, saddle leather, cherry, and tree bark with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with firm tannins and light oak.
Yellow color. Aromas of roasted nuts, mocha, and chocolate raisins with a silky, racy, spritzy, dryish body and a tingling, captivating, crisp dried citrus, peppery spices, and chalk finish with no oak. A nice dry, nutty sparkler that will be fun to pair with.
Yellow color. Aromas of Meyer lemon and dried flowers with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light body and a smooth, quick melon, apple, and lemon sorbet finish with no oak. A nice fruity, easy drinking white wine.
Light silver color. Muted, creamy aromas of rice pudding and green pineapple with a soft, lively, dry light body and a tingling, interesting, breezy jicama, radish, pepper, and salted mushroom finish. A nice, sweet and savory sake.
Dark bright ruby black color. Delicate, fruity, toasty aromas of dried lavender, chocolate covered berries, and butter roasted nuts with a glycerous, racy, dryish medium-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length cherry skins and pits and cedar finish with firm, coating tannins and heavy oak. A very firm and tannic red wine.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Aromas of cherry clafoutis, tobacco, cedar and parchment, and lemon curd with a tannic, lively, dry full body and a peppery, nuanced, medium-length finish with grippy, firm tannins and heavy oak.
Bright dark clear violet color. Attractive aromas of coffee gelato, dark cherry tart, and toffee with a glycerous, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, relaxed blood orange, tomato relish, and nuts finish with well-integrated, cottony tannins and moderate oak. A nice steak wine.
Bright pale medium yellow straw color. Bright, fruity, creamy aromas of mango custard and spiced peaches with a soft, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length Meyer lemon and grassy earth finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A racy white that will cut through rich foods.
Bright dark garnet black color. Fruity, earthy toasty aromas of sour cherry - lambic, butter cream, dried tobacco leaf, and red licorice with a chewy, lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long finish with fruit, fine, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright pale light straw color. Delicate, citrusy aromas of lemon and earth with a supple, vibrant, spritzy, fruity light body and a tingling, captivating, relaxed honeyed peach and delicate spice finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright clear pale yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of apples, dried fruit, and gravel with an crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, compelling, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Silvery emerald straw color. Rich, fruity, sweet aromas of apricot jam and orange sherbet with a silky, lively, effervescent, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, relaxed tropical fruit punch and nutskin finish. A fun, fruity sweet sparkler with a nice tropical twist.
Bright clear medium dark garnet color. Delicate, fruity, toasty earthy aromas of black cherries, tree bark, green hay, and pomegranate with an crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, intricate, easy finish with fruit, fine, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Dark garnet black color. Delicate, fruity aromas of chocolate drizzled berries with a silky, tart, fruity medium body and a tingling, buoyant finish with dusty tannins. A nice tangy berry dessert wine.
Bright medium bright gold color. Lively, earthy, fruity aromas of lemon zest, peach pits, parchment, and turned earth with an lively, finely carbonated, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, cheery finish with fruit, fine tannins and no oak.
Yellow straw color. Delicate aromas of nougat, citrus, and cream with a supple, crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk lime ice, straw, and earth finish. A zippy sparkling wine that's easy.
Bright pale light yellow straw color. Delicate, earthy, fruity rustic aromas of green peaches, dried twigs, butter cream, and turned earth with a bright, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a silky, complex, medium-long finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright pale silvery emerald straw color. Fruity aromas of green nectarine, cream, and clay with a lean, lively, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, engaging, cheery finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright clear pale light straw color. Bright, floral, fruity aromas of green nectarine, dried straw, clarified butter, and turned earth with an lively, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a warming, nuanced, medium-length finish with no oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright dark dusty ruby color. Fruity, woody aromas of ripe black berries, caramelized oak, ripe plums/prune, and saddle leather with an lively, dryish full body and a warming, nuanced, carefree finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium color. Creamy, fruity toasty aromas of red berries, cassis, dried straw/twigs, and clay with an bright, medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, breezy finish with well-integrated, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, fruity, toasty earthy aromas of creme de cassis, boysenberries, gravel, and vanillin with a lively, dry full body and a warming, intriguing, brisk finish with firm, woody tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of bright black currants, toasted coconuts, pomegranate, and pressed linen /turned earth with an crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Medium dark garnet color. Mild, fruity, woody spicy aromas of spiced black berries, plum pits, putty, and tree bark with a chewy, lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, compelling, easy finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Dank, fruity toasty confected aromas of mulberries, blackcurrants, dried flowers / star anise, and peppery with an crisp, dry full body and a peppery, interesting, brisk finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of ripe mulberries, black currants, saddle leather, and clay with a chewy, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, refreshing, breezy finish with well-integrated, grippy tannins and light oak. A very zin-like malbec.
Garnet black color. Bright, toasty aromas of roasted pecans, chocolate covered espresso beans, dried berries and tomatoes, and pencil shavings with a supple, tart, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a refreshing, buoyant cranberry, nuts, and earth finish with dusty, woody tannins. A racy, earthy red for the table.
Dusty garnet color. Mild aromas of clay, olive, and dried berries with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a brisk spiced apple and earth finish with crunchy, woody tannins and moderate oak. A nice zippy everyday red.
Bright medium brick red color. Mild, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of maraschino cherry, turned earth, blackberry, and toast with a lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with firm, dusty, fruit tannins and light oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of honeyed nut toast, dark berry jam, and cornichon with a soft, tangy, fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, buoyant honeyed cherries and bark finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A nice fruity, everyday quaffer.
Bright dark violet color. Rich, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of spiced blackberries, ripe mulberries, oriental spices, and leather with a chewy, puckering, dry full body and a peppery, complex, medium-length finish with chewy, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby black color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of ripe cherries, mulberries, and spiced nuts with a satiny, bright, dryish medium body and a smooth, interesting, crisp cocoa, fleur de sel, earth, and pepper finish with fine, dusty tannins and light oak. A solid malbec.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright medium straw green color. Waxy aromas of peach pit, Meyer lemon pith, and turned earth with a tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright medium light garnet color. Lively, fruity, earthy toasty inviting aromas of baked black cherries, dried twigs, hint of molten plastic, and toast with an lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, brisk finish with fine, firm, fruit tannins and light oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright light ruby garnet color. Lively, fruity, earthy jammy aromas of grape jelly and spiced cherries with a soft, fruity body and a peppery, intriguing, easy finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium golden yellow color. Bright aromas of ripe green apples, roasted pineapple, toasted coconut, and hint of popcorn butter with an crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, stimulating, buoyant finish with well-integrated, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium garnet black color. Lively, attractive, complex aromas of spicy berry chutney on toast, chocolate lime peels, and delicate herbs with a soft, tangy, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length plums and golden beets finish with silky tannins and light oak. A nice, appetizing red for the table.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Violet color. Aromas of dark chocolate, blackberry, roasted cashew, and plum with a round, soft, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length cherry, eucalyptus, plum, and vanilla finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and smooth with a roasted note that plays nicely with the fruit and soft tannins.
Pink color. Aromas of raspberry, crushed strawberry, plum, and river rock with a satiny, bright, dry medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-length dried strawberry, red plum, ruby red grapefruit, and granite finish with no tannins and no oak. Dry and crisp with lovely strawberry and plum flavors, well balanced and with a minerality that brings you back for more and more sips.
Ruby color. Aromas of cherry, dark earth, dried herbs, and raspberry with a round, bright, dry medium body and a smooth, charming, medium-length cherry, plum, cranberry, and strawberry finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Juicy, smooth and well-balanced with plenty of fruit framed with well-integrated tannins.
Yellow color. Aromas of baked apple, lemon, cantaloupe, and creek stone with a round, soft, dry light-to-medium body and a graceful, intriguing, relaxed yellow apple, honeydew, quince, and river rock finish with no tannins and no oak. Bright, minerally and food loving, the acidity balanced with the crisp apples and pears begs to be enjoyed at the table with fresh, vibrant cooking.
Bright medium reddish mahogany color. Lively, fruity, earthy aromas of mulberries, red licorice, dried twigs, and pepper with an crisp, dry full body and a complex, breezy finish.
Bright medium light gold color. Bright, buttery, fruity citrusy aromas of lemon curd, clarified butter, and gravel with an vibrant, dry medium-full body and a warming, charming, breezy finish.
Medium ruby black color. Mild, fruity, elegant aromas of cherry, plum, vanilla, and spice with a velvety, soft, dry medium body and a smooth, rapid cherry, plum, berry, and vanilla finish with silky tannins and light oak. Soft and simple cherry plum flavors are wrapped in silky tannins for everyday enjoyment.
Bright medium ruby black color. Bright, earthy aromas of berry tart, key lime pie, and pepper with a soft, puckering, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, stimulating, rapid cranberry sauce, raspberry skin, and flax seed finish with leafy tannins and light oak. A light, zesty red for the table.
Bright medium ruby color. Bright, fruity, toasty earthy aromas of black currants, dried tobacco, blackberries, and vanilla bean with a lively, medium-full body and a warming, amusing, breezy finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, toasty earthy aromas of black currants, mulberries, canvas cedar, and clay with an crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, compelling, carefree finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Lively, fruity, toasty aromas of black currants, mulberries, gravel, and cedar with a chewy, lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, appealing, brisk finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Lively, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of ripe black currants, boysenberries, Castelvetrano olives, and turned earth with a lively, dry full body and a warming, delightful, brisk finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright nearly opaque color. Fruity aromas of roasted cherry, boysenberry, toasty vanilla, and black pepper with an soft, bone-dry medium body and a silky, involved, medium-length blackberry, currant, cherry skin, and brisket finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Chewy without being dense and fruity without being over the top with a nice roasted character that adds to the generous fruit.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of blackberries, smith bros. cherry cough drops, vanillin, and potter clay with a crisp, dryish full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, fruity, spicy woody savory aromas of black currants, cranberries, blonde tobacco, and potters clay with a chewy, tart, dry full body and a peppery, complex, breezy finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet black color. Delicate, fruity aromas of chocolate and dark berries and cherries with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, cheery spiced apples, walnuts, and pencil finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A refreshing, easy-drinking merlot.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Bright, funky, fruity earthy toasty aromas of plums, black currants, toffee, and planked cedar with a crisp, dry full body and a warming, subtle, easy finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Aromas of mulberry, cherry Pez, potters clay, and white pepper with an vibrant, dry full body and a peppery, complex, carefree finish with firm, fine tannins and moderate oak.
Medium color. Rich, earthy, fruity oaky aromas of red cherry, toasty oak, baking spice, and strawberry with an soft, dry medium-to-full body and a sleek, interesting, medium-length cherry, juicy red plum, baking spice, and raspberry finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and smooth with plenty of cherry and berry flavors all with soft tannins and an elegant touch of oak.
Burnt sienna color. Rich, fruity, oaky woody earthy aromas of cherry, boysenberry, forest floor, and vanilla with an shy, dry medium body and a smooth, intriguing, easy cherry, vanilla, toast, and boysenberry finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Rustic in style with generous toasty vanilla oak and notes of cherry and berries with a silky finish.
Bright medium garnet color. Lively, earthy, fruity aromas of black cherry, dried leaves, pepper, and candied violets with an crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, refreshing, brisk finish with fine tannins and light oak.
Brown brick red color. Mild, fruity aromas of candied cherries, nougat, and delicate spices with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, breezy orange zest, nutskin, and pepper finish with light oak. A nice warming pinot noir.
Garnet black color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of cherry compote and honeyed dark toast with a supple, soft, petillant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, carefree herbs and spices, nuts, and cedar finish with light oak. A solid pinot that will cover a lot of bases.
Bright medium dark garnet color. Delicate, fruity, earthy toasty nutty aromas of spiced black cherries, lightly salted roasted nuts, tree bark, and rhubarb with a tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, layered, brisk finish with medium, firm, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Dusty ruby color. Cheesy, buttery aromas of buttered cranberry toast with a silky, soft, dryish light-to-medium body and an even, breezy cherry butter on scone, nutshell, and earth finish with light oak. A solid pinot.
Dark violet color. Delicate, spicy aromas of dark berry compote, spiced nuts, and cracked pepper with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length vanilla custard, nutskin, and mossy earth finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A nice juicy, everyday zin sipper.
Ruby color. Aromas of spicy garlic pickle and craisins with a supple, crisp, fruity medium body and a smooth, breezy roasted nuts and cedar finish with dusty, woody tannins and moderate oak. A toasty, lightly spicy zin with a nice savory streak.
Brilliant dark ruby garnet color. Bold, fruity, oaky aromas of vanilla, black plum, blackberry, and smoke with a creamy, bright, dry medium body and a warming, engaging, medium-length blackberry, plum, vanilla, and smoke finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. This is good American bbq in a glass with a toasty, smoky, juicy nose and flavor with plenty of sweet, ripe fruit.
Bright medium yellow straw color. Bright, fruity, sulfurous aromas of yellow apples, pineapple, dried straw, and burnt match stick with a crisp, dryish medium-full body and a warming, interesting, fleeting finish with grippy tannins and light oak.
Golden straw color. Delicate, fruity, citrusy oaky aromas of pineapple, vanilla, yellow apple, and melon with a creamy, soft, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, interesting, cheery apple, pear, lemon, and vanilla finish with no tannins and light oak. Light, clean and simple apple, pear and vanilla flavors for everyday enjoyment.
Gold color. Rich, fruity, minerally aromas of pear D'Anjou, creek stone, Meyer lemon, and butter with a creamy, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a graceful, interesting, medium-long white pineapple, mango, sweet grapefruit, and honeydew melon finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Richly oaked, but not over oaked with vanilla notes complimenting pear, mango and sweet citrus flavors.
Bright medium yellow straw color. Lively, fruity, citrusy aromas of golden delicious apple, dried straw, honeydew melon, and Schweppes bitter lemon with an crisp, dry full body and a smooth, engaging, swift finish with fine tannins and light oak.
Brilliant golden straw color. Bright, toasty aromas of roasted nuts and coconuts and grilled pineapple with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, medium-length roasted apple finish with light oak. A nice oaky chardonnay.
Bright medium light gold color. Bright, fruity, minerally toasty citrusy aromas of Fuji apples, lemon-lime sweet tarts, and butter cream with a creamy, crisp, dryish full body and a warming, distinctive, medium-long finish with well-integrated, fine tannins and light oak.
Bright medium golden yellow color. Fruity aromas of green apple skin, lemon salt water taffy, and salinity with a bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, appealing, medium-length finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Silvery straw color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of peach sauce, lemon chiffon, and waxy honeycomb with a supple, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a sleek, cheery white grapes and praline finish with no oak. An appealing off-dry sipper that will go nicely with spicy Asian cuisine.
Yellow color. Aromas of melon and mango-pepper relish with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a smooth, breezy pineapple juice finish with no oak. A juicy, fruity, well put together wine.
Bright light straw color. Fruity, earthy aromas of peach Pellegrino, white flowers, gravel, and honey with a bright, off-dry medium-to-full body and a graceful, charming, breezy finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium silvery pink color. Fruity, citrusy minerally aromas of spiced lemons, salinity, peach pits, and dried stems with an crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, nuanced, cheery finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright color. Mild, fruity, minerally aromas of apple, pebbles, nectarine, and lemon with a silky, crisp, dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, snappy yellow apple, tart pear, and honeydew finish with no tannins and no oak. Clean and lean with yellow apple and crisp pear along with a touch of zippy lemon.
Bright light straw green color. Mild, fruity, earthy aromas of cling peaches, honeysuckle, and turned earth with a supple, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
White gold color. Mild, fruity aromas of peach fuzz and lime with a silky, bright, dryish medium body and a tingling, breezy apple finish. A nice zesty pinot grigio.
Pale light pink coral color. Delicate, floral, fruity aromas of peach blossoms, spiced apples, and white toffee with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light body and a silky, breezy candied nectarine finish with no oak. A light and delicate pinot gris sipper.
Silvery straw color. Faint, fruity aromas of sliced yellow apples and nougat with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk Meyer lemon and earth finish with crunchy, fruit tannins. An attractive, carefree sipper with snappy acidity and fruit tannins.
Yellow color. Aromas of kiwi and apple sauce with a supple, bright, off-dry light-to-medium body and a polished, brisk honeyed green apple finish. A pleasant, fruity quaffer.
Yellow color. Aromas of apple blossom, Meyer lemon, golden pineapple, and pink guava with a silky, lively, dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, amusing, medium-length white peach, pineapple, green apple, and creek stone finish with no tannins and no oak. Charming and full of sweet/tart fruit. balanced and interesting enough to enjoy on its own, but a perfect pairing for fun party and picnic food.
Silvery emerald straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of yellow apple and grapefruit and nectarine with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, delightful, breezy honeyed clementine, lime spritzed guava, and earth finish with fine, chewy, fruit tannins and no oak. A very nice, crisp and refreshing sauvignon blanc.
Bright light straw color. Aromas of lemon saltwater taffy, lemon curd, gravel, and pepper with a bright, dryish medium-to-full body and a peppery, elegant, breezy finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright light golden straw color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of lemon zest, melon, lemon grass, and gravel with an tart, dry full body and a peppery, delightful, brisk finish with earthy, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright emerald straw color. Mild, fruity, grassy aromas of lemongrass, white grapefruit, green apple, and crisp pear with an lively, dry medium body and a smooth, appealing, breezy green apple, lemongrass, tart pear, and watermelon rind finish with no tannins and no oak. Clean and straight forward lemongrass, apple and pear flavors with a crisp, refreshing finish.
White gold color. Mild, fruity aromas of pineapple and apple custard and orange sorbet with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy nougat finish with light oak. A fruity, easy drinking sauvignon blanc.
Bright pale straw color. Delicate, fruity, citrusy aromas of Meyer lemon, lemon pith, and banana skin with a tart, dry medium body and a warming, interesting, scant finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Garnet black color. Mild aromas of spiced cherries, pickle, and nougat with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, snappy roasted nuts and cedar finish with fine, crunchy tannins and light oak. A savory, easy sipping red.
Garnet color. Aromas of blackberry, brisket, black raspberry, and savory herbs with a slightly chewy, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length blackberry, black raspberry, cherry skin, and leather finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy, jammy and lightly chewy with plenty of black fruit and savory notes to carry through an indulgent dinner off the grill.
Brick red color. Bright, fruity, vinous oaky aromas of black currant, juicy plum, toasty vanilla, and allspice with an lively, dry medium body and a smooth, engaging, medium-length currant, black plum, toasty vanilla, and dried strawberry finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Generous toasty vanilla oak frames classic plum and cassis flavors with well structured and finely integrated tannins on the finish.
Violet color. Bold, fruity, earthy, jammy aromas of black cherry, toasty vanilla, mocha, and plum with a creamy, lively, dry medium body and an effortless, delightful, medium-length red cherry, plum, vanilla, and rich soil finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Juicy and fresh with loads of cherry, berry and plum that stay balanced and in check with a fine earthiness and well-integrated tannins.
Creamy golden straw color. Bold, floral, fruity tropical aromas of mango, starfruit, pear skin, and granite with a lean, puckering, bone-dry medium body and a seamless, intricate, medium-length lime, passion fruit, green apple, and granite finish with no tannins and no oak. Lush exotic fruit and bright, crisp citrus welcome you and continue thru to the finish, leaving you refreshed, yet thirsty for another sip and certainly for bright, light fare to pair.
Bright medium garnet color. Bright, fruity, rustic, minerally aromas of spicy dark cherries, blond tobacco, well water, and butter cream with an crisp, dry full body and a warming, refreshing, brisk finish with firm, fine tannins and light oak.
Bright medium yellow straw color. Lively, citrusy, fruity toasty aromas of lemon zest, coconut cream, gravel, and salinity with an crisp, dry full body and a warming, interesting, quick finish with earthy, fine tannins and light oak.
Bright medium light gold color. Bright, fruity, tropical toasty aromas of yellow apples and dried straw with an bright, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, interesting, brisk finish with firm, grippy, fruit tannins and light oak.
Yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of fruit cocktail and pineapple cake with a silky, crisp, off-dry light body and a seamless, swift apple sauce, candied lime and orange, and nougat finish with no oak. An easy chardonnay quaffer.
Bright medium bright gold color. Toasty aromas of pineapple coconut custard, baked green apple, planked oak, and gravel with an lively, dry full body and a warming, distinctive, cheery finish with firm, grippy tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, fruity, funky toasty aromas of creme di cassis, toffee, mocha , and ripe vine cuttings with an lively, dryish full body and a warming, delightful, snappy finish with firm, well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark black ruby color. Lively, vaporous aromas of baked berries, smoked pepper and meat, and wood polish with a glycerous, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, charming, medium-length chocolate fondue, roasted chestnuts, and cedar finish with crunchy, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A warming, chewy zin.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Fruity, oaky peppery aromas of black raspberry, mocha, baked parchment, and black pepper with an crisp, dry full body and a peppery, interesting, rapid finish with firm, clunky tannins and light oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Farming-Demeter Certified 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
$13.99. Best Buy.
 Organically Grown Grapes-Fair Trade Certified-Sustainable Agriculture 
 Organically Grown Grapes-Fair Trade Certified-Sustainable Agriculture 
 Certified Organic 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright medium yellow straw color. Bright, fruity, citrusy aromas of spiced apples, vanilla taffy, lemon curd, and baked parchment with a lively, dry full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with fine, fruit tannins.
Bright dark deep purple color. Bright, fruity aromas of chocolate berries, coconut, pickling spices, and flax seed with an oily, lively, dryish medium-full body and a tingling, delightful, breezy creme brulee finish with well-integrated, chewy tannins and moderate oak. A very tasty, tangy cabernet that is sure to please.
Bright light straw green color. Lively, fruity aromas of Meyer lemon, peach pits, gauze, and gravel with an crisp, finely carbonated, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Dusty garnet color. Rich, fruity, jammy earthy aromas of black cherry, kalamata, lingonberry, and vanilla with a lively, dry medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length plum jam, olive tapenade, toasty vanilla, and lingonberry finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. Beautifully savory with plum and cherries balancing with notes of olive tapanade and grilled bread, all wrapped up with chewy food-loving tannins.
Reserve, Meritage, Stellenbosch.
Garnet color. Aromas of boysenberry, lingonberry, raspberry, and cherry juice with a velvety, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an even, refreshing, medium-length wild raspberry, sweet cherry juice, strawberry, and brown sugar finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Fruit forward and berry packed with silky tannins ready for sessionable enjoyment.
Bright medium garnet blue violet color. Oaky, bright aromas and flavors of cassis, turned earth, gauze, and potters clay with a chewy, crisp, dry medium-full body and an astringent, brisk finish with firm tannins and light oak.
Opaque violet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of toffee, blackberry jam on toast, and prickly pear with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a breezy finish with accents of plum skin, cedar, and nut with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A brawny, tannic malbec that needs a good steak.
Silvery straw color. Delicate aromas and flavors of nectarine, lemon, and faint herbs with a supple, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, crisp finish with suggestions of nutskin and earth with light oak. A pleasant everyday sipper.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Golden silver color. Delicate aromas and flavors of peach yogurt, nougat, and spiced raisins with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk finish with touches of yellow apple, earth, and nutskin. A nice easy sipper.
Silvery straw color. Mild aromas and flavors of lemon curd on toast with a crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, breezy finish displaying shades of starfruit, melon, and green apple skin with no oak. A fun, lively Prosecco.
Pale silvery straw color. Delicate aromas and flavors of honeyed oat granola and starfruit with a supple, bright, off-dry light-to-medium body and a graceful, crisp finish with suggestions of pear and delicate spice. A nice everyday sake.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts and blueberries, cedar, and cherry tobacco with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a brisk finish with impressions of sour cherry, blood orange, cocoa, and nutshell with woody tannins and heavy oak. A zesty red for the table.
Garnet color. Lively, smoky aromas and flavors of garlic pickles, smoked berries, and touch of tar with a supple, crisp, fruity medium body and a smooth, captivating, easy finish with notes of blackberry jam on toast and cedar incense with light oak. An interesting smoky red for grilled fare.
Ruby color. Aromas of mocha, chocolate mousse, and frosted berry tart with a silky, off-dry body and a tingling, breezy watermelon sorbet, spiced cherry, and praline finish. A nice carefree sipper; serve with a slight chill.
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Bright, lively aromas and flavors of black currants, powdery lemon scents, faint red flowers, and white pepper with a lightly tannic, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and an interesting finish.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of soft yellow apple, concord grapiness, pectin, and sugar cane with a soft, crisp, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and an interesting finish.
Silvery straw color. Earthy aromas and flavors of overripe peach, ground nuts, and leaves and twigs with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, breezy finish with touches of lemon, melon rind, and earth with no oak. A zesty, earthy pinot gris that will be good at the table.
Ruby brick red color. Lively, earthy aromas and flavors of baked cranberries, dolmades, and chocolate roasted nuts with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length finish manifesting notes of mulberries, cedar, and grassy earth with dusty tannins and moderate oak. A refreshing, earthy red for the table.
Ruby color. Rich, fruity aromas of red grape jam and chocolate potato chip with a satiny, fruity sweet body and a smooth, honey cream and grape soda finish with silky tannins and no oak. A nice sweet care free sipper.
Brick red copper color. Delicate aromas and flavors of cranberry-tomato compote, olives, chocolate goji berries, and creme brulee with a silky, crisp, dryish medium body and a tingling, brisk finish imparting notes of dolmades, nutshells, and cedar with barky tannins and moderate oak. A dusty, earthy Old World style red for the table.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright medium garnet blue violet color. Attractive, interesting aromas and flavors of light caramel, tangy blackberries, toasty oak, and bit of white pepper with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry full body and a peppery, charming, medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of bandied cherries, vanilla custard, and nut brittle with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, relaxed finish displaying nuances of plum danish and cedar with soft tannins and light oak. A nice relaxing sipper.
Medium bright gold color. Bright, earthy aromas of bruised apple, dried flowers, dried pineapple, and light minerality with a even, bright, dryish medium body and a warming, amusing, breezy green apple, lemon water, and nutshell finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. An OK everyday sipper.
Pale clear golden straw color. Lively, toasty aromas of fruit salad, floral honey, nut pastry, and toasted coconut with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, cheery lemon-orange sorbet and melon finish with fruit tannins and light oak. An easy wine for the outdoor deck.
Bright medium gold color. Lively, creamy aromas of buttercream, nougat, and honeycrisp apple with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, medium-length pineapple slices, apple, and lemon ice finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A nice zesty creamy chardonnay.
Gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of lime curd and pineapple custard with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, easy lemon tart and pineapple finish. A tasty everyday white wine.
Golden straw color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of tropical custard tart and citrus buttercream with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a tingling, cheery pineapple and coconut cream finish with light oak. A nice easy going sipper with pleasant creamy oak.
Pale clear bright golden straw color. Bright, floral, fruity aromas of under-ripe peaches, clarified butter, and gravel with a lean, crisp, dry medium body and a warming, delightful, breezy finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Lean, earthier style.
Pale gold color. Delicate, toasty, creamy aromas of nut brittle, baked apples and pears, and lemon pith with a soft, vibrant, dryish medium body and a tingling, medium-length nutskin and pineapple flesh finish with papery tannins and light oak. A solid Spanish white with a hint of nutty oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of huckleberry custard, dried blueberries, vanilla brittle, and clay with a satiny, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, medium-length dried citrus, mint, nuts, and hint of meat finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A vivacious and appetizing cabernet.
Medium bright garnet color. Lively, fruity, earthy aromas of toffee and cranberry-orange relish with a soft, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, compelling, relaxed nuts, tangy tomato, pencil shavings, and blood orange finish with dusty tannins and light oak. A zesty red for the table.
Pale silvery straw color. Bright, fruity, herbal aromas and flavors of exotic tropical citrus, bread fruit, pineapple yogurt, and white grape jelly on scone with a silky, tangy, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a silky, interesting, medium-length finish with impressions of honey and yellow apple with no oak. A pleasant very fruity sweet sipper.
Light clear garnet color. Classic, fruity aromas of welch's grape jam with a glycerous, flat, sweet medium body and a seamless, sparse Welch's grape jam finish with no tannins and no oak. Nice pure grape jelly flavors.
Bright medium bronze color. Lively, earthy, fruity yeasty aromas of red grape, toasted yeast, dried twigs, and white pepper with a lively, dry medium body and a peppery, amusing, cheery , jazzy, and spiced American red with a bit of alcohol peaking through. finish with fruit firm tannins and light oak. Jazzy, spiced American red.
Brilliant ruby color. Lively, fruity aromas of grape jam and cranberry sauce with a even, lively, fruity sweet medium body and a polished, interesting, breezy finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice off-dry summer sipper rosé.
Medium clear color. Delicate, fruity aromas of jammy with a crisp, dry light body and a smooth, short tart cherry finish with silky tannins and light oak. What it lacks in tannins, it makes up for with bright acidity.
Clear medium straw green color. Faint, unusual, minerally spicy aromas of sea water with a soft, off-dry watery body and a smooth, medium-length veggie and citrus finish with light oak. Interesting and almost sake-like.
Clear medium light gold color. Aromas of white peaches, green hay, and cardamom with a lean, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, stimulating, relaxed finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Serve colder with a savory soup.
Light pink old gold color. Bright, sweet, fruity aromas of tropical fruit punch and orange powder with a soft, bright, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, delightful, cheery green apple finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A pleasant, off dry quaffer.
Pale ruby color. Bright, toasty, fruity aromas of strawberry tart and buttermilk custard with a even, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, appealing, cheery berry and lemon spritzed apple finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice tangy rose sipper with an appealing creaminess.
 Certified Organic-Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
Bright clear pale straw color. Lively, fruity, creamy aromas of peach cobbler and honeysuckle with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, delightful, snappy finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A refreshing, cleanly made white.
Nearly opaque deep purple color. Bright aromas of berry pie, dill pickle, and buttery nut brittle with a silky, soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, breezy currant, roasted nuts, and earth finish with leafy tannins and light oak. A pleasant, easy-drinking cabernet that will pair with a wide variety of meats.
Deep purple color. Mild, fruity aromas of currants, cornichon, and dried lavender and orange with a supple, tangy, dryish medium body and a tingling, brisk nutskin and shell, pickled beets, and cedar plank finish with leafy cottony tannins and moderate oak. A toasty cabernet for the table.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Delicate, toasty, creamy aromas of caramel buttercream, roasted apples and pineapples, whole nuts, and mint cookie with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, breezy vanilla cream finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A nice everyday chardonnay sipper.
 Certified Organic 
Pale light golden straw color. Bright, toasty, creamy aromas of pineapple cake, coconut cookie, and apple with a silky, lively, dryish medium body and a warming, refreshing, relaxed Meyer lemon, cedar bark, cream, and mineral finish with fruit firm tannins and moderate oak. A solid chardonnay.
Light clear straw green color. Classic, citrusy aromas of light grapefruit with a soft, shy, dry thin body and a smooth, brisk dry citrus finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nicely tart sipper.
Black ruby color. Delicate, fruity aromas of berry custard, flower patch, and melon with a supple, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a breezy blackberry and oak finish with barky tannins and moderate oak. A sturdy oak accented pinot for the table with meats.
Dark ruby color. Mild, toasty aromas of pickling spices and dried cherries with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a crisp whole nuts, craisin, cedar, and slate finish with dusty tannins and light oak. A sturdy pinot with firm tannins and oak accents.
Bright medium clear garnet color. Lively, fruity, toasty aromas of black cherries, red sweet tarts, dried hay and turned earth, and pressed linen with a tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, intricate, medium-length finish with fruit firm tannins and light oak. Rich impression of ripe fruit sweetness, tart short flavors are a let down.
Bright reddish orange color. Mild, fruity, minerally aromas of cranberry, pomegranate, and tomato with a supple, racy, effervescent, dryish medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length blood orange, leafy earth, and chalk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A pure, tangy, dry sparkler that will shine at the table.
Clear medium straw green color. Fruity, toasty creamy aromas of peaches and cream, toasted yeast, and parchment with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, appealing, breezy finish with fruit tannins and no oak. For a simple white it has pretty good length.
Bright light silvery straw color. Lively, fruity aromas of lemon sorbet, honeycomb, and peach with a even, soft, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy honeyed lime, mandarin orange, and minerals finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A very nice fruity prosecco with vibrant table friendly acidity.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity aromas of raspberry taffy, butter cream, white pepper, and turned earth with a lively, fruity medium-full body and a sleek, brisk finish with fruit grippy tannins. Balanced red a bit of a one trick pony - would like a bit more complexity.
Bright medium brick red color. Aromas of black berries, black raspberries, white pepper, and tree bark with a chewy, vibrant, dry full body and a peppery, interesting, breezy finish with fruit grippy tannins and moderate oak. Nice fruit flavors are coming off as compressed at this point in time.
Brilliant light ruby color. Delicate, fruity, creamy aromas of raspberry yogurt, meringue, and melon with a even, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, stimulating, relaxed sour cherry and green apple finish with crunchy fruit tannins and no oak. A soft, fruity, easy sipping rose.
Bright clear dark deep purple color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of lilacs, citrus powder, choke cherries, and pickled carrots with a supple, crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length sweet cream, melon, and chalk finish with well integrated tannins and light oak. A nice everyday sipper or table companion.
Bright brilliant medium light ruby color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of strawberry, tart red cherries, rhubarb, and clay with a lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, brisk finish with fruit well-integrated tannins and no oak. A refreshing Summer rose.
Bright clear medium emerald straw color. Bright, earthy, fruity aromas of bruised green apples, dried twigs, pineapple cream, and roasted mixed nuts with a lightly tannic, tart, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, brisk finish with fruit firm tannins and moderate oak. Interesting flavors pull up a bit short.
Brilliant silvery straw color. Bright, fruity, tropical aromas of tropical fruit salad, peach, and delicate spice with a soft, lively, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, distinctive, medium-length Meyer lemon, chalk, and yellow apple finish with chewy fruit tannins and no oak. A nice, very dry riesling that will be great with shellfish.
Bright light straw green color. Bright, fruity, earthy creamy aromas of ripe granny smith apples, butter cream, parchment, and potters clay with a lean, crisp, dry medium-to-full body and an effortless, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. The creamy mid-palate is impressive.
Ruby black color. Mild, fruity aromas of chocolate cherries and spicy praline with a soft, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, relaxed nuts and vanilla finish with medium tannins and light oak. A fruity, easy drinking everyday red.
Pale light bright straw green color. Delicate, tropical aromas of mango, pineapple, and lime custard with a supple, soft, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy peach cream and spiced green apple finish with fine fruit tannins and no oak. A solid, easy drinking off-dry riesling that is sure to please.
Bright light clear emerald straw color. Bright, fruity, citrusy aromas of Meyer lemon, crenshaw melon, crushed rock, and bitter lemon with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, stimulating, brisk finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright light medium emerald straw color. Lively, fruity aromas of tutti frutti, bubble gum dust, and lemon salt water taffy with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a warming, charming, brisk finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium ruby black color. Bright, interesting aromas of cherry yogurt, toffee, root beer float, and tree bark with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, medium-length blackberry jam on toast, flower patch, and lentils finish with fine, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A pleasant earthy syrah for the table.
Bright medium ruby black color. Lively, interesting, floral aromas of violet candy, cherry butter, and chestnut honey with a glycerous, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, intricate, snappy spiced berries and apples, nougat, lime blossoms, and dandelions finish with fine tannins and light oak. A rather unique and fun, floral, feral syrah.
Bright medium deep purple color. Bright, interesting aromas of cracked peppercorns, tomato focaccia, and mulberries with a glycerous, tangy, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, snappy roasted peppers and root vegetables, choke cherries, mint leaf, and tree bark finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. An very different and intriguingly earthy and herbal syrah that will be great with rustic fare.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Lively, fruity, spicy aromas of spiced berries, mocha - Hershey powdered chocolate, white peppercorns, and potters clay with a chewy, crisp, dry medium-full body and a peppery, interesting, momentary finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. Fun flavors in need of a bit more length.
Medium bright dark garnet color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of blackberry cobbler, green mulberries, Playdoh, and white pepper with an tangy, dry medium-full body and a peppery, intricate, medium-length finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak.
Brilliant straw green color. Interesting aromas of overripe papaya, tapioca, and pineapple husk with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a compelling, breezy mango lemon sorbet, nutskins, and earth finish with moderate oak. An intriguing oak accented chardonnay with an exotic tropicality.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Delicate, fruity aromas of red plums, blackcurrants, fruitcake, and dried leaves with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A tangy youthful red.
Yellow color. Aromas of overripe citrus and apples on the tree with a bright, dry-yet-fruity light body and a polished, cheery chalk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice, crisp riesling that will pair well.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Lively, fruity, sweet aromas of sweet plums, buttered toast, berry cobbler, and dried leaves with an bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, breezy finish with fruit, firm tannins and light oak.
Light silvery emerald straw color. Delicate, citrusy aromas of lemon sorbet, grassy, lime, and melon with a supple, soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a sleek, breezy finish with no oak. A nice easy drinking sauvignon blanc.
Bright pale yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity, earthy aromas of lemon yogurt, lemon grass with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, rapid finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Clear silver color. Bright, curious, fruity funky aromas of roasted pineapple husk, coconut yogurt, and caulk with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a peppery, cheery dusty root vegetable, cream, mushroom, and rice paper finish. A solid savory sake for the table; serve warm.
Clear silver color. Bright, creamy, earthy aromas of tapioca, bamboo shoot, pepper dust, and coconut vinegar with a silky, soft, dry-yet-fruity light body and a tingling, brisk white chocolate, mushroom consommé, and starfruit finish. A smooth, earthy sake for the table.
Yellow color. Aromas of watermelon ice, spice cookie, and apple with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, buoyant mint, nutshell, and citrus finish with crunchy, dusty tannins. An interesting, zesty, crunchy white wine that will be nice at the table.
Bright medium brick red color. Lively, funky, earthy toasty aromas of cherry cobbler, cedar, tobacco, and parchment with a chewy, lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, intricate, rapid finish with woody, grippy tannins and heavy oak.
Garnet color. Aromas of spiced berries, salty roasted nuts, and cedar with a silky, crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, breezy cocoa, roasted root vegetables, and bark finish with firm, gritty tannins and heavy oak. A firmly structured red that needs some time.
Bright medium dusty ruby color. Fruity, toasty aromas of sour lambic cherry - kriek, cedar, tobacco leaf, and parchment with a chewy, lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, layered, breezy finish with grippy tannins and heavy oak.
Bright medium violet color. Bright, attractive, fruity toasty aromas of coffee candy, pecan pie, and berry coulis with an oily, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, cheery blackberries, cedar, pickled beets, and earth finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nice savory tempranillo for the table.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of cherry jam, toffee, turned earth, and dried tobacco leaf with a lively, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. Great nose.
Bright medium deep purple color. Lively, spicy aromas of berry compote, chocolate salted caramel, and char-grilled pepper with a glycerous, crisp, dryish medium-full body and a warming, refreshing, breezy cocoa dusted cranberries, potting soil, and grain husk finish with firm, earthy tannins and moderate oak. A nice chewy Spanish red for the table.
Bright medium pink coral color. Bright, fruity aromas of apples and berries with an even, crisp, effervescent, fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length blood orange, minerals, and nutskin finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A pleasant fruity sparkler.
Bright clear light golden yellow color. Bright, fruity, floral aromas of green apples, currant leaves, white flowers, and apricot pits with a soft, effervescent, fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, short finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright clear pale straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of honey crisp apples, cantaloupe, banana skin, and sassafras and cream with an soft, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, short finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium golden straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of nectarine, spiced apple, and bubblegum with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, fast citrus finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A solid sipper.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Bright, earthy, fruity aromas of white mulberries, raw honey, and lemon pepper muffin with a silky, bright, off-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, compelling, carefree butter sautéed almonds, fleur de sel, and edible flowers finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. An interesting fino sherry-like wine.
Garnet black color. Delicate, spicy aromas of licorice and choke cherry jam on rye toast with a satiny, bright, fruity sweet medium body and a warming, breezy pepper and nutshell finish with crunchy, fruit tannins. A nice gutsy fortified wine for after dinner or cocktails.
Light pale clear straw color. Bright, meaty, herbal unpleasant aromas of cream, sesame honey candy, and Asian pear with a supple, bright, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy horchata, apple, sweet potato, and chalk finish. A tasty, off-dry mead styled like spätlese riesling or pinot gris.
Emerald straw color. Fruity, floral aromas of baked peaches and pineapple and delicate spice with a silky, bright, off-dry body and a seamless, relaxed honeyed apple and lemon ice finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A pleasant relaxing sipper.
Bright light yellow straw color. Earthy, fruity aromas of roasted apple, toast, root vegetables, and parchment with a lean, lively, finely carbonated, dry medium body and a warming, interesting, brisk finish with fruit, fine tannins and no oak.
Bright pale light yellow straw color. Bright, toasty aromas of pineapple cake and praline with an even, vibrant, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, breezy reduced lemon, earth, melon rind, and dolmades finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Aromas of berry sorbet and nut brittle with a soft, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, brisk berry cookie and nutskin finish with light oak. A nice, fruity everyday red.
Dusty dark dusty garnet color. Lively, fruity, toasty aromas of black currant, plum, dried twigs, and mocha with a chewy, tart, dry full body and a warming, refreshing, brisk finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity aromas of plums, black currants, and red gummy bears with an bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, interesting, cheery finish with well-integrated, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, funky floral aromas of mulberries, toasted yeast, gravel, and pomegranate with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a warming, complex, breezy finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright dark dusty ruby color. Lively, fruity, earthy funky aromas of ripe plums, fruitcake, cassis, and barnyard/old leather with a chewy, puckering, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, delightful, brief finish with grippy, firm, leafy tannins and heavy oak.
Dusty ruby color. Delicate, fruity aromas of vanilla peppermint bark and spicy berry compote with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, easy chocolate nut fudge finish with medium, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nice everyday sipper.
Ruby black color. Spicy, minty aromas of floral honey, cranberry relish, and mint cookie with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, easy oak finish with firm, woody tannins and moderate oak. An earthy red for table.
Bright garnet color. Delicate, earthy, fruity aromas of cassis, plum pits, loess, and tree bark with an bright, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, refreshing, breezy finish with firm, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brick red color. Lively, fruity, floral confected toasty aromas of powdered raspberry, dried flowers, burnt toffee, and potters clay with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a warming, engaging, brisk finish with firm, grippy tannins and light oak.
Indigo color. Delicate aromas of black pepper and baked berries with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, buoyant cranberries, nuts, and pickling spice finish with light oak. A pleasant, tangy table wine.
Ruby color. Aromas of grilled pomegranate and sweet potato, sour cherry, and smoked peppercorn with a supple, tart, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, appealing, breezy cedar, earth, and honeyed herbs finish with woody, firm tannins and light oak. A chewy, smoky, woody red for the table.
Garnet color. Aromas of wax, roasted nuts, and grilled berries with a supple, bright, dryish medium body and a smooth, buoyant cedar and earth finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A nice oaky tempranillo for a good cut of steak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Silvery emerald straw color. Attractive, fruity toasty aromas of fruit salad and honeyed pineapple danish with a silky, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a sleek, brisk apple sauce, peach, and mint jelly finish with no oak. A clean, pleasant off dry sipper.
Clear medium straw color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of ripe yellow apples, lemon curd, plumbers putty, and dried leaf with an crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright medium yellow straw color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of mango-papaya relish and coconut water with a soft, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, snappy Meyer lemon and nutskin finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and light oak. A pleasant creamy chardonnay sipper.
Bright medium dusty garnet color. Lively, inviting aromas of vanilla nuts, spiced cherries, and menthol mint with a glycerous, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, crisp apple, beets, nuts, and earth finish with chewy, fine tannins and light oak. A zesty, nicely spicy merlot that will shine at the table.
Brilliant ruby garnet color. Delicate, funky, toasty aromas of spiced cherries, licorice, and bouillon with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, interesting, breezy nutskin, caramelized citrus, melon, and smoked peppercorn finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A nice savory, meaty pinot noir.
Garnet color. Aromas of black cherry, violets, boysenberry, and granite with a slightly chewy, tangy, dry medium-full body and an even, interesting, medium-length blackberry, currant, and cherry chutney finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Big and juicy style with a spicy nose and a tart edge that will pair nicely with full bodied meats and buttery mushrooms.
Gold color. Aromas of ripe pear, toast, vanilla, and banana with a round, soft, dry medium-to-full body and a polished, delightful, medium-length pear tart, banana, vanilla, and coconut milk finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Generous style, perfect for drinking on its own when you want a chardonnay with satisfying oak nuances, but not so overdone that it gets tiresome.
Violet color. Aromas of cherry, violets, vanilla, and leather with a velvety, lively, dry medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-length crushed plum, violet, cherry, and leather finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. Full flavored, yet easy drinking with juicy cherry intertwined with notes of leather, vanilla and violets.
Yellow color. Aromas of Bartlett pear, cantaloupe, tangerine, and marzipan with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-length pear, honeydew, papaya, and almond finish with no tannins and no oak. Bright and lively with a faint almond note that adds interest and complexity to beautiful ripe pear flavors and aromas.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Aromas of black cherry, plum, black pepper, and strawberry jam with a slightly chewy, bright, dry medium body and a polished, interesting, breezy cherry, plum, crushed berry, and blackberry finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Juicy cherry and plum with soft tannins and a hint of black pepper.
Pink coral color. Muted aromas of seltzer, limestone, and citrus pith with a soft, bright, petillant, off-dry light body and a smooth, brisk melon, clementine, sultana, and chalk finish with no oak. A nice delicate dessert wine.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Ruby color. Aromas of raspberry, plum, cherry, and vanilla with a lightly tannic, lively, dry medium body and a smooth, refreshing, medium-length cherry, plum, vanilla, and cranberry finish with soft tannins and light oak. Chewy tannins throughout are imminently satisfying with plenty of cherry and raspberry fruit flavors.
Straw color. Aromas of pineapple, cantaloupe, creek stone, and white peach with a round, soft, fizzy, dryish medium body and a tingling, compelling, breezy pineapple, cantaloupe, peach, and yellow apple finish with no tannins and no oak. Fruit forward and almost off dry in style for when you are in the mood for a fun sipper.
Reddish amber color. Delicate, fruity, floral tropical aromas of papaya, strawberry, honeysuckle, and apricot with a supple, crisp, fizzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, captivating, buoyant strawberry, plum, pink flowers, and guava finish with no tannins and no oak. Off dry and fruity with generous notes of strawberry, plum and guava.
Yellow color. Aromas of white peach, apple, lemon tart, and white raspberry with a soft, crisp, dry light-to-medium body and a polished, interesting, brisk green apple, pear, lemon, and creek stone finish with no tannins and no oak. Crisp and clean with refreshing acidity and classic apple, pear and lemon notes.
Yellow color. Aromas of green apple, oregano, white pepper, and dried apricot with a supple, soft, dryish medium body and a sleek, appealing, breezy cantaloupe, baked apple, ripe pear, and apricot finish with no tannins and no oak. A touch of white pepper on the nose leads to a medium body with apple and apricot notes.
Straw green color. Floral, fruity aromas of pressed flowers and spiced apples with a silky, soft, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, quick raisin finish with no oak. A soft, lightly sweet sipper.
Light brick red color. Lively, curious, meaty aromas of baked cherries, pot roast, and brewer's yeast with a soft, tangy, dryish medium body and a tingling, captivating, breezy raspberry tart and bouillon finish with fine tannins and light oak. A very interesting, very meaty cab franc for the table.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Bright, earthy, fruity toasty aromas of black currants, gravel, and boysenberries with a chewy, tangy, dry full body and a peppery, brisk finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Mild, fruity aromas of spiced melon and berry cookie with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, quick spiced plum and cocoa finish with light oak. A juicy, easy drinking red; try making into a sangria too.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas of honeyed berries and cherries and spiced apple with a silky, crisp, fruity body and an effortless, breezy nutskin and cedar finish with leafy tannins and moderate oak. A nicely oaked, fruity everyday red.
Dusty brown brick red color. Mild, mature, oaky aromas of currant, toasty oak, cherry, and plum with a soft, dry medium body and a smooth, buoyant cherry, currant, toast, and plum finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Clean and classic notes of currant and cherry with a light touch of vanilla and soft, easy drinking tannins.
Dusty garnet color. Mild, fruity aromas of toasted cranberry bread and pickled watermelon with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a polished, rapid sour cherry and cocoa finish with light oak. A solid sipper.
Bright violet color. Bold, fruity, elegant vinous aromas of black currant, vanilla, cherry, and black earth with a creamy, lively, bone-dry medium-to-full body and a tingling, intriguing, medium-length black currant, cherry skin, baking spice, and dried plum finish with dusty tannins and moderate oak. Dense and chewy with plenty of currant and dried plum to balance with the chewy, dry tannins.
Ruby color. Mild, fruity aromas of cherry, blackberry, vanilla, and bacon with a bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, brisk boysenberry, lingonberry, cherry, and vanilla finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Clean and juicy with an intriguing note of bacon on the nose with soft tannins and light oak amidst cherry and blackberry flavors.
Nearly opaque dark color. Bold, fruity aromas of black cherry, dried plum, pomegranate, and vanilla with a velvety, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, compelling, medium-length ripe maraschino cherries, plum, sweet vanilla, and blackberry finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Round and juicy with soft tannins and a generous fruit-centric mid-palate and finish.
Ruby color. Lively, earthy, fruity aromas of black cherry, toasty vanilla, plum, and currant with an bright, dry medium body and a smooth, captivating, medium-length cherry, red currant, plum, and sweet vanilla finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Juicy and smooth with classic cherries and currants framed with sweet vanilla.
Garnet black color. Delicate, toasty aromas of chocolate cookie and toasted meringue with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy roasted pecans and cedar finish with fine, chewy tannins and light oak. A tidy merlot with a nice splash of smoky oak.
Bright medium ruby color. Bright, fruity, funky earthy toasty aromas of black cherry, dried plums, mud baths, and hint of cassis with a crisp, dry full body and a warming, brisk finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet black color. Bright, attractive aromas of berry pie a la mode, spiced nuts, and cedar with a silky, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, buoyant honeyed cherries and vanilla nougat bar finish with crunchy, fine tannins and light oak. A nice and easy fruit bomb.
Black violet color. Attractive, buttery aromas of fresh praline, nougat, and coconut cake with berry sauce with a supple, soft, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk cherry-orange sherbet, nuts, and cedar finish with fine tannins and no oak. A soft, crowd-pleasing super fruity red.
Garnet black color. Mild aromas of berry pie crust and spiced nuts with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, breezy dried berries, nuts, olive, and honey finish with medium, crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A solid red wine for everyday enjoyment.
Violet color. Aromas of chocolate raspberries and orange peels with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, breezy cedar and nutskin finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak.
Garnet black color. Delicate, fruity, creamy aromas of berry custard and chocolate nougat bar with a satiny, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a brisk oak, sour cherry, and smoked nuts finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A pleasantly, lightly oak pinot noir for the table.
Ruby color. Aromas of berries and chocolate nuts with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, carefree apple and cherry finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A nice everyday red.
Ruby color. Aromas of candied papaya, black raspberry, raspberry tart, and vanilla with a velvety, soft, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, amusing, breezy sweet cherry, boysenberry, vanilla, and nougat finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. Fruit forward to silky smooth tannins and notes of confection and candied tropical fruit.
Bright dark dusty garnet color. Bright, fruity, earthy vinous aromas of black raspberries, green stems, dried leaves, and black pepper with a chewy, lively, bone-dry full body and a peppery, interesting, fast finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright light reddish amber color. Delicate, fruity aromas of tart plums, salinity, red cherries, and gravel with an crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, appealing, quick finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Pink color. Aromas of rum raisin cake and watermelon with a silky, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy cherry preserves, clementine, melon, and nutskin finish with no oak. A fruity, crowd pleasing rose.
Pink color. Aromas of strawberry, boysenberry, sweet tomato, and red cherry with a round, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, appealing, brisk cherry, strawberry, crushed plum, and boysenberry finish with no tannins and no oak. A well balanced white zinfandel with just enough bright acidity to balance the juicy, almost chewy fruit.
Bright coral orange color. Lively, fruity, floral aromas of peach, raspberry, sugar plum, and candied watermelon with an shy, fizzy, sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy peach, raspberry, wildflower honey, and plum jelly finish with no tannins and no oak. Drinks like a strawberry bellini with sweet peach and strawberries layered in bubbles with a pleasantly sweet finish.
Golden straw color. Mild aromas of honeyed yellow apple, pineapple husk, and lemon balm with a silky, bright, petillant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, breezy citrus peels and earth finish. A easy-going everyday chardonnay.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Golden straw color. Mild, funky aromas of lemon chiffon and dried pineapple with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a seamless, breezy spiced apple and nut brittle finish with light oak. A solid, well oaked chardonnay.
Gold color. Aromas of yellow apple, Bartlett pear, honeydew, and toasty oak with a round, shy, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, breezy yellow apple, honeydew, papaya, and vanilla finish with no tannins and light oak. Generous apple and pear flavors intermingle with just a touch of oak and soft acidity.
Gold color. Aromas of yellow apple, vanilla, pear, and baking spice with a round, soft, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length yellow apple, sweet vanilla, pear compote, and Meyer lemon finish with no tannins and light oak. Classic flavors of apple, pear and lemon with a well manicured use of oak.
Bright golden color. Oaky, fruity aromas of yellow apple, vanilla, toast, and white pineapple with a soft, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, medium-length yellow apple, cantaloupe, lemon curd, and vanilla finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Classic California with tropical notes along with apple and melon, sweet oak and soft acidity.
Bright medium light gold color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of yellow apples, toasted coconut, gravel, and lemon zest with an crisp, dry full body and a warming, captivating, snappy finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Straw green color. Delicate, fruity aromas of pineapple husk, spiced apples, and lime muffin with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk lemon and roasted nuts finish with soft, fruit tannins and light oak. A delicate, light and dry chardonnay.
Straw color. Mild, yeasty aromas of raisin soda bread and fallen apple with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity light body and a graceful, breezy yellow apple and plum, earth, and twigs finish with no oak.
Bright color. Lively, earthy, fruity inviting aromas of skin on apple salsa, melon skin, pear, and river stones with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, compelling, swift ripe apples, pear, melon skin, and wet stones finish with no tannins and no oak. Clean with a touch of apple peel and melon skin adding an interesting nuance to ripe apple flavors and a stoney minerality.
Bright medium golden straw color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of tropical fruit/papaya, roasted pineapple, caramel, and baked parchment with a lively, dry-yet-fruity full body and a warming, nuanced, brisk finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Bright light straw green color. Bright, fruity, funky earthy aromas of honeydew melons, honey suckle, key lime, and turned earth with a bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, interesting, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Emerald straw color. Mild, fruity aromas of lemon spritzed apple, pineapple chunks, and praline with a soft, tangy, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, cheery lemon and earth finish. A crisp, very zesty seafood wine.
Yellow color. Fruity, grassy aromas of nutskin, grass, and dried lemon with a silky, crisp, dry light body and a smooth, rapid nutskin and earth finish with light oak. A nice, very dry, mellow sipper.
Clear color. Mild, grassy aromas of Bartlett pear, hay, watermelon rind, and lime with a soft, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length pear, yellow apple, peach skin, and white grapefruit finish with no tannins and no oak. Crisp and lively with notes of apple, pear, pickled watermelon and grapefruit with a lively, refreshing finish.
Bright light golden straw color. Delicate, fruity, hot aromas of peach yogurt, play dough, and lemon curd with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, quick finish with fruit tannins.
Silvery emerald straw color. Delicate, roasted aromas of peach and lime yogurt with a supple, bright, light-to-medium body and a smooth, snappy nutskin finish with no oak. A nice dry pinot grigio.
White gold color. Faint, citrusy aromas of lemon and kiwi with a soft, crisp, dryish light body and a sleek, breezy melon, green apple, and vanilla cream finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice zippy pinot grigio.
Bright light silvery pink color. Bright, floral, fruity aromas of nectarines, honey, gravel, and bitter lemon soda with an lively, dryish medium body and a warming, interesting, buoyant finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Emerald straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of apple and peach sauces, honeyed citrus, and leaves with a silky, crisp, fruity light body and an effortless, breezy finish with no oak. A solid, easy drinking riesling.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Silvery emerald straw color. Delicate, earthy, fruity aromas of berry bush, toasted nougat, and straw with a supple, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, crisp honey roasted lemon, apple, and praline finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and light oak. A nice snappy, sauvignon blanc.
Bright light straw green color. Lively, earthy, fruity aromas of lemon zest, crenshaw melon, green apple skin, and gravel and a hint of butter with a tangy, dry medium-full body and a warming, compelling, swift finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright pale straw green color. Bright, fruity aromas of cantaloupe, lemon pith, and baked parchment with an crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, refreshing, rapid finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright straw green color. Bright, floral, fruity herbal aromas of white grapefruit, lemon, sun ripened pear, and apple skin with a shy, dryish medium body and a sleek, quick apple, pear, grapefruit, and lemon finish with no tannins and no oak. A lovely picnic wine with crisp, clean fruit and a refreshing, breezy finish.
Gold color. Aromas of green apple, honeydew, vanilla, and toast with a round, bright, dry medium-to-full body and an effortless, interesting, medium-length yellow apple, white pineapple, honeydew, and vanilla finish with no tannins and light oak. Restrained oak gives just enough complexity to pretty notes of green apple, white pineapple and a touch of melon.
Clear light gold color. Mild, fruity, citrusy aromas of lemons, cantaloupe, white flowers, and baked parchment with an crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a graceful, interesting, breezy finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright dark dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas of cherries, dried strawberries, blond tobacco, and toasty oak with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a warming, complex, brisk finish with firm, fine, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium light gold color. Mild, fruity aromas of applesauce, toasted twigs, and gravel with an crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, stimulating, brisk finish with firm, crunchy tannins and light oak.
Golden yellow color. Bright, buttery, creamy aromas of butterscotch frosting and coconut cream pie with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, relaxed baked apple, starfruit, and nuts finish with dusty, fine tannins and moderate oak. A pleasant sipper.
Golden straw color. Mild, curious, oaky aromas of wet balsa, fallen apples, and brown butter with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, swift lemon spritzed pineapple, pickled melon rind, and spiced nuts finish with fine tannins and light oak. A savory table companion.
Bright light golden straw color. Mild, fruity, woody aromas of apple pectin - jam, tree sap, and lightly toasted oak with an crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, charming, swift finish with chewy, firm tannins and light oak.
Straw color. Delicate, creamy, toasty aromas of apple tart and vanilla cream with a supple, bright, dryish medium body and a smooth, swift green apple, nut, and earth finish. A nice dry chardonnay sipper.
Straw green color. Delicate, fruity, spicy interesting aromas of spiced pears and melons, baked guava, and herb muffin with a satiny, soft, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, breezy lemon cream, lime, and nuts finish with leafy, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright dark ruby black color. Lively, confected, fruity sweet nutty aromas of red ribbon Christmas candy, cherry licorice, baked parchment, and chestnuts with a chewy, bright, dry full body and a warming, charming, brisk finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, fruity, funky floral aromas of ripe spiced plums, black cherries, black pepper, and chocolate coconut macaroon with a bright, dry full body and a warming, delightful, relaxed finish with grippy, firm tannins and moderate oak.
Dark deep purple color. Bright, fruity aromas of berry pie and nut brittle with a soft, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy vanilla custard and roasted nuts finish with silky tannins and light oak. A fruit, easy drinking quaffer.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, fruity aromas of ripe mulberries, raspberries, tootsie rolls, and black pepper with a lightly tannic, tart, dryish full body and a peppery, short finish with papery, firm tannins and light oak.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet black color. Delicate, interesting aromas of grilled yellow pepper, herbed berries, and vanilla nougat with a satiny, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length honeycomb, red berries, delicately spiced nuts, and earth finish with dusty, leafy tannins. A bright, refreshing merlot.
Bright dark black garnet color. Lively, fruity aromas of red berry cobbler, caramelized bacon, pine sap, and pepper with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, complex, medium-long butter roasted nuts and root vegetables, caramel fudge, hung game, and sandalwood finish with well-integrated, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A rich meaty syrah.
Bright medium gold color. Yeasty, funky fruity earthy aromas of lemon-lime soda bubble up, root vegetables - cruciform notes, bruised apple, and cherries with a supple, crisp, finely carbonated, dryish full body and a peppery, engaging, medium-length finish with fine, fruit tannins.
Garnet color. Bright, fruity, jammy complex aromas of cherry jam, plum, dried strawberry, and freshly turned garden soil with a tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length juicy plum, orange zest, currant, and cherry compote finish with dusty, chewy tannins and moderate oak. Perfect food wine with tight tannins and crisp acid literally begging for the dinner table to be enjoyed with its plum, cherry and currant flavors and gentle touch of oak.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Bright, fruity, roasted smoky aromas of black cherry and berries, wood smoke, band aid box, and BBQ pit with a chewy, crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, subtle, brisk finish with earthy firm woody tannins and heavy oak. Subtle fruit flavors.
Garnet color. Aromas of blackberry, red currant, cherry jam, and plum with a velvety, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length blackberry jam, crushed plum, dried strawberry, and sweet vanilla finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. Juicy red fruit with a touch of vanilla and loads of smashed blackberry on the finish.
Bright medium brick red violet color. Bright, lively aromas and flavors of tart cherries, green stems, powdery lime lik-a-maid, and tree bark with a chewy, tart, dry medium-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Garnet violet color. Bright aromas and flavors of beeswax, dried wild berries, and dried meat with a supple, bright, dry medium body and a tingling, breezy finish with notes of cedar, nutskin, and tomato with cottony tannins and moderate oak. A very dry table wine.
Pale golden yellow color. Mild aromas and flavors of nougat, papaya relish, and melon sorbet with a supple, bright, fruity sweet light body and a polished, brisk finish evoking overtones of honey and jicama. A pleasant dessert wine.
Yellow color. Muted aromas and flavors of peach tart and powdered lemon with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity light body and a polished, brisk finish with impressions of melon and cream. A pleasant sipper.
Silvery straw color. Lively aromas and flavors of lemon spritzed apple and soda bread with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light body and a brisk finish revealing notes of mineral water and lemon juice. A zippy Prosecco.
Dark garnet violet black color. Delicate aromas of honeyed plums, spiced apples, and creamy meringue with a silky, vibrant, fruity sweet medium body and a prickly finish with leafy tannins and moderate oak.
Golden straw color. Lively aromas and flavors of ripe grapefruit, guava, and frosted lemon scone with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity thin body and a smooth, quick finish that exhibits nuances of melon, grass, dried lemon, and spring water with fruit tannins. A refreshing sipper.
Silvery straw color. Delicate aromas and flavors of fruit pastry, pickled pepper, and grilled citrus with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a breezy finish with touches of lemongrass, melon, mesclun greens, and straw. A pleasant quaffer.
Garnet black color. Aromas and flavors of bacon bits, mocha, and singed berry pie crust with a supple, fruity medium body and a breezy finish with notes of mint gum, cedar dust, and nutskin with moderate oak. A pleasant everyday red.
Ruby color. Lively aromas and flavors of chocolate chip cookies, cherry nut fudge, and toast with a supple, fruity light-to-medium body and an easy finish evoking shades of vanilla and craisin. A nice zippy red for everyday enjoyment.
Bright medium ruby blue violet color. Bright, yeasty aromas and flavors of mocha, potters clay, red berries, and white peppercorns with a tannic, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, sparse finish with chewy tannins and light oak.
Bright medium garnet blue violet color. Aromas and flavors of raisins, baked black berries, and dried straw with a coarse, soft, moderately sweet thick body and a searing finish manifesting overtones of pineapple yogurt and papaya with firm tannins and no oak.
Dark garnet violet color. Lively aromas and flavors of blackberries, tomato, lemon peel, and dried lavender with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, appealing, easy finish manifesting accents of nutskin, twigs and leaves, and pomegranate with leafy tannins and light oak. A savory, earthy red for the table.
Garnet color. Oaky aromas and flavors of trees and twigs, dark roasted nuts, cocoa, and pickles with a supple, bright, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, amusing, brisk finish with notes of cedar and gravel with papery tannins and heavy oak. A stern red with lots of rustic character.
Ruby brick red color. Aromas and flavors of white chocolate fudge, berry bush, green tomato, and herbs de Provence with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy finish with accents of cassis, earth, and nutshell with light oak. A solid table wine.
Golden yellow color. Floral aromas and flavors of white toffee, coconut-guava relish, and honeysuckle with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity body and a warming, breezy finish with notes of coconut milk, praline, and delicate spice with moderate oak. A pleasant sipper.
Dark garnet black color. Curious aromas of berry yogurt and charred meat with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and an interesting, brisk sour cherry, blood orange, and caramel apple finish. An earthy, meaty quaffer.
Garnet black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of cherries, jasmine, and nut brittle with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek finish imparting overtones of cedar, vanilla, earth, and nutskin with papery tannins. A nice everyday red.
Bright medium garnet blue violet color. Attractive, inviting aromas and flavors of mulberries, ripe blackcurrants, turned earth, and white peppercorns with a chewy, bright, dry full body and a peppery, delightful, medium-length finish with chewy tannins and light oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Bright, inviting aromas and flavors of cassis-mint jam on toast and blueberry cobbler with a soft, crisp, fruity medium body and a charming, breezy finish revealing notes of spiced apples and nuts and cedar with crunchy tannins and light oak. A tasty everyday sipper with nice nuances of spice and oak flavors.
Opaque violet black color. Delicate aromas of mocha cream and buttery praline with a supple, crisp, fruity medium body and a smooth, crisp grape and cherry sorbets finish with light oak. A pleasant fruit quaffer.
Dark ruby color. Bright aromas and flavors of baked plums, banana skin, lit vanilla candle, and pepper with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an appealing, medium-length finish with accents of blueberries, herbs, and eucalyptus with fine tannins and moderate oak. A brawny, earthy merlot.
Ruby color. Mild aromas and flavors of honeyed berries and toast and vanilla nougat with a soft, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth finish with suggestions of cherries, apple sauce, and nuts with soft tannins and light oak. A nice everyday, carefree red.
Gold color. Aromas of roasted nuts, vanilla toffee, and dried pineapple with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, charming, medium-long vanilla cream, caramel apple, and delicate spice finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nicely balanced oaky chardonnay.
Gold color. Aromas of creme brulee, nougat, dried apple, and spice with a racy, fruity body and a warming, complex, medium-long lemon, kiwi, green apple, and cinnamon toast finish with light oak. A bold brash chardonnay that sure to please.
Bright golden yellow color. Bright, interesting, oaky aromas of dried tropical fruits, tree bark, and grilled lemons with a even, vibrant, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, refreshing, medium-length pineapple slices, lemon sorbet, nutskins, and polished wood finish with woody tannins and moderate oak. A nice nutty, oaky chardonnay sipper.
Clear pale medium golden yellow color. Delicate, toasty, creamy aromas of cream puff and pound cake with pineapple sauce with a supple, bright, dryish medium body and a polished, interesting, breezy green apples and honey cream finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A nice easy-going sipper.
Gold color. Mild, fruity aromas of apple butter, lime, and butter cookie with a soft, crisp, fruity body and a breezy spiced nuts and vanilla finish with light oak. A nice carefree sipper.
Gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of spiced apple and pineapple sauce with a supple, crisp, fruity medium body and a breezy nuts and oak finish with moderate oak. A nice oak accented chardonnay
Bright medium golden yellow color. Bright, toasty aromas of buttered yellow apples, green herbs - tea, and frosted wheat cereal box with a soft, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, compelling, medium-length coconut cream, apple sauce, and pecans finish with firm tannins and light oak. A pleasant everyday sipper.
Ruby color. Aromas of dried cherries and raspberries and mocha with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, appealing, breezy delicate spices, plum custard, roasted nuts, and minerals finish with fine tannins and light oak. A lively, peppery pinot.
Bright garnet color. Bright, fruity aromas of raspberry jam on toast and cherry tart with a supple, lively, off-dry medium body and a silky, breezy cranberry relish, nuts, and lemon pith finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nicely fruity everyday sipper.
Brilliant salmon color. Bright, fruity aromas of watermelon candy with a soft, crisp, fruity sweet medium body and a tingling, compelling, brisk yellow apple finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A simple, refreshing, melony rose.
 Certified Organic-Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
Bright pale golden straw straw yellow color. Delicate, fruity aromas of apple, white cranberry, lemon rind, and carnation with a soft, crisp, fruity medium body and a warming, refreshing, quick lime finish with fine fruit tannins and no oak. A bright, zesty pinot gris that will be good with seafood and light chicken dishes.
Straw color. Delicate, oily, earthy aromas of nut oil, honeycomb, and white mulberries on dirt with a lean, bright, dry medium body and a sleek, brisk lemon rind, green apple skin, and gravel road finish with soft dusty tannins and no oak. A pleasant, earthy dry table wine.
Yellow color. Aromas of banana, pineapple-papaya yogurt, coconut, and carnation with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a tingling, buoyant yellow apple, melon, earth, and nutskin finish with no oak. A nice carefree sipper.
Clear medium yellow straw color. Lively, fruity, toasty aromas of ripe nectarines, roasted nuts, mint toothpaste, and dried stems with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, brief finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Overripe fruit flavors.
Ruby color. Aromas of cherry tart, candied spice nuts, and beets with a silky, soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk potting soil, blood orange rind, melon rind, and nutshell finish with leafy tannins and light oak. A soft dry pinot for the table.
Silvery emerald straw color. Bright, exotic aromas of tropical fruit tart and warm tapioca with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a brisk citrus, melon, earth, and nutshell finish. A solid chardonnay sipper.
Bright light clear light garnet color. Lively, earthy, fruity funky aromas of tart cherries, tree bark, cherry saltwater taffy, and toasted yeast with a chewy, tangy, dry medium body and a warming, stimulating, sparse finish with fruit firm earthy tannins and light oak. Interesting, but truncated flavors are a bit too funky.
Violet color. Bright, toasty, fruity aromas of black raspberry danish and toffee with a supple, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy nuts finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nice everyday sipper.
Bright pale light pink coral color. Delicate, fruity, earthy aromas of sour cherry, melon, and twigs with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a tingling, buoyant blood orange and mossy earth finish. A tangy, earthy adult rose for the table.
White gold color. Delicate, fruity, earthy aromas of raw honeycomb, nectarine, lemon curd, and minty grass with a supple, tart, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, refreshing, rapid lime and earth finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A racy, earthy pinot grigio that drinks like a gruner.
Emerald straw color. Delicate, nutty, interesting aromas of peanut butter, lemon scone, and dried peach with a soft, bright, dry light-to-medium body and a sleek, swift melon rind, nutskin, and minerals finish with no oak. An easy drinking sipper.
Bright clear medium garnet black color. Bright, creamy, roasted aromas of dark berry pie crust, roasted marinated meats and tomatoes, and mocha with a lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, amusing, buoyant nutskins, currants, and oak finish with firm dusty tannins and moderate oak. A big, savory zin that will shine at the table.
Nearly opaque deep purple color. Lively, herbal, spicy aromas of craisin, chocolate mint, and eucalyptus with a soft, lively, effervescent, dryish medium body and a tingling, breezy pomegranate, clementine, and chalk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A solid, spicy red sparkler.
Opaque black violet color. Delicate, fruity aromas of dark raisin bread and spicy berry tart with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, fast dried cherries, nutshells, dusty earth, and orange zest finish with hard husky tannins and heavy oak. A firm, feisty zin.
Bright light pale straw color. Lively, fruity, toasty aromas of ripe golden delicious apples, light toasted coconuts, lemon cream, and bit of turned earth with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, brisk finish with fruit firm tannins and light oak. Simple delicate flavors all pull up a bit short.
Bright medium dark garnet color. Mild aromas of black berry, tart plums, peppercorns, and baked parchment with a shy, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, short finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright pale straw color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of nectarine, honeysuckle, and parchment with a soft, lively, dryish medium body and a warming, sparse finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium straw green color. Lively, floral, dank aromas of open tank fermentors in a winery with a dryish light body and a breezy finish. An earthy bubbly sipper.
Yellow color. Aromas of kiwi and spiced pear with a silky, bright, dryish light body and a smooth, brisk lemon ice and chalk finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A nice dry white for the table or sipping.
Straw green color. Bright, curious aromas of grilled banana and nuts and rubber leaf with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk whole lime, roasted apple, and oak finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nice tangy chardonnay.
Ruby color. Aromas of berry compote, sweet beet relish, and pencil shavings with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, quick spiced baked apples, cedar, lemon spritzed beets, and earth finish with dusty, leafy tannins and moderate oak. A nice woody red for the table.
Bright clear medium straw green color. Delicate, creamy aromas of peach yogurt and lemon and herbs with an even, lively, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, brisk chalk and melon rind finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A nice dry quaffer.
Yellow color. Aromas of spiced apple and nuts and reduced lemon with a supple, soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, relaxed dried pineapple and papaya, lime, and minerals finish with no oak. A pleasant, soft and dry white wine.
Bright clear yellow straw color. Delicate, interesting, earthy aromas of grilled orange and peach, spiced melon, and lanolin with a soft, tart, dry medium body and a tingling, captivating, brisk nut oil, lemon verbena, and chalk finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A very dry, earthy white with bracing acidity.
Garnet black color. Mild aromas of dried berries and beeswax with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, breezy marinated cherries and beets, nutshell, and earth finish with firm, woody tannins and moderate oak. A firmly structured red for the table.
Bright dark violet color. Delicate, fruity, smoky toasty aromas of creme brulee, black raspberry jam on nut toast, and charcoal with a lightly tannic, tangy, dryish medium-full body and a warming, interesting, cheery mulberries, cedar bark, and chalk finish with firm, barky tannins and moderate oak. A highly structured red that needs time.
Clear bright pale emerald straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of ripe peaches, lemon curd, and turned earth with a tangy, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a warming, short finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium ruby garnet color. Bright, floral, fruity aromas of blackcurrants, red flowers, and blueberry with an bright, spritzy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, captivating, breezy finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Refreshing, rounded easy flavors.
Emerald straw color. Lively, earthy, rustic aromas of crushed nuts, brewer's yeast, and dried lemon with a supple, tart, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a polished, fast lime, grassy earth, and guava finish. A tart, dry, earthy sparkler.
Bright pale neon blue color. Delicate, confected, floral aromas of fruit punch, circus peanuts, and blossoms with an even, bright, effervescent, off-dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, breezy lime curd finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Blue bubbly, different and fun.
Violet color. Delicate aromas of mulberries and cherry compote with a soft, crisp, dryish medium body and a brisk pencil shavings, beets, and earth finish with firm, cottony tannins and moderate oak. A very dry, earthy red for the table.
Yellow straw color. Delicate aromas of melon, nutskin, and aloe with a soft, dryish light body and a seamless, rapid grass finish with no oak. An easy quaffer.
Bright medium golden yellow color. Bright, citrusy aromas of lemon, grassy herbs, and peach custard with an bright, dryish medium-to-full body and a peppery, interesting, medium-length earth, nutshell, pepper, and melon finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and light oak. A supple, warming sipper.
Bright medium ruby garnet color. Bright, fruity aromas of blueberries and citric acid with a chewy, puckering, fruity medium body and a warming, brief finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Gold color. Aromas of yogurt, honeyed yam, and peaches with a round, soft, fruity sweet thin body and a smooth, brisk chalk finish with dusty tannins. A rustic dessert wine.
Ruby color. Aromas of blueberry pie crust and spices with a supple, tart, dryish light-to-medium body and a fast nutshell, berry skin, and beets finish. A very dry fruit wine for the table.
Brilliant clear light yellow straw color. Bright, earthy, funky aromas of nettles, grilled fruits and nuts, scorched linen, and bark with a velvety, shy, dryish light-to-medium body and a warming, medium-length spiced apple, grassy herbs, and mint leaf finish. A sturdy mead with a nice spiciness.
Light clear bright yellow straw color. Bright, phenolic, minty piney aromas of hot iron, starched cloth, dried fruits, and wintermint lozenge with a satiny, bright, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a warming, medium-length earth finish. A pleasant easy drinking mead.
Brilliant golden yellow color. Muted, earthy aromas of honeyed nuts, lime spritzed apple core, honey yogurt, and wheatgrass with a satiny, crisp, fizzy, sweet medium body and a tingling, brisk honeycomb, kiwi, earth, and parchment finish. A dry, seriously styled sparkling table mead reminiscent of an aged cava.
Bright pale light emerald straw color. Fruity, floral aromas of lemon-orange marmalade, herbal honey, tropical fruits, and dried lavender with an even, lively, finely carbonated, off-dry medium body and a tingling, engaging, fast whole apple, lemon ice, melon, and minerals finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A pleasant fruity sparkler with interesting floral herbal notes.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, earthy, fruity toasty funky aromas of cassis, toasted coconuts, wood putty, and stale gummy bears/red licorice with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a warming, brief finish with firm, grippy tannins.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Bright, earthy, fruity toasty aromas of creme de cassis, tootsie roll, toasted marshmallow, and red berries with a soft, dryish medium-full body and a smooth, brisk finish with soft, medium tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Lively, fruity, earthy floral aromas of spiced black berries, leather, finely milled Spanish soap, and lavender with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a warming, elegant, medium-length finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium brick red color. Bright, fruity, funky toasty aromas of ripe black currants, old barrel staves, gravel, and white pepper with a chewy, lively, dry full body and a peppery, involved, medium-length finish with firm, chewy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium color. Fruity, earthy toasty aromas of cassis, red gummy bears, clay, and dried twigs with a bright, dryish medium-full body and a warming, brisk finish with grippy tannins and light oak.
Ruby black color. Bright, fruity aromas of chocolate and berry pie with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, relaxed nuts and wood finish with firm, barky tannins. A sturdy oaky merlot.
Garnet color. Delicate, fruity, spicy aromas of spicy berry pastry, sesame nougat, chocolate, and geranium with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy nutskin, cedar, and marinated root vegetable finish with dusty, papery tannins and no oak. A sturdy malbec for the table.
Pink coral color. Delicate, fruity aromas of strawberry, melon, and clementine with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk yellow apple and nut finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A nice, easy quaffer; serve with a good chill.
Garnet black color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of berry pie a la mode and toasty cedar with a supple, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a breezy smoked nuts finish with crunchy, woody tannins and moderate oak. A solid, oaky malbec for the table.
Ruby color. Aromas of roasted nuts, pencil shavings, and dark berry tart with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, swift finish with dusty, woody tannins and light oak. A nice, oaky, lightly smoky quaffer.
Bright medium khaki orange color. Bright, fruity aromas of roasted peaches, honey, and grapes with an oily, crisp, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, engaging, carefree spiced oranges and pears, honeyed raisins in cream, pepper, and nuts finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A very spicy, racy dessert wine.
Bright medium bright gold color. Fruity, funky earthy aromas of quince, shellac, lime skin, and turned earth with a tangy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, charming, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium silvery emerald straw color. Bright, herbal, grainy grassy fruity aromas of baked apple and waxy honeycomb with an even, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, compelling, carefree nutskin, melon rind, and golden beet finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A pleasant table wine.
Gold color. Aromas of ripe pear, sliced apple, vanilla, and allspice with a soft, bright, dry medium body and an even, appealing, breezy pear, sliced apple, brown spice, and vanilla finish with no tannins and light oak. A medium bodied style chardonnay with classic apple, pear, vanilla and spice notes.
Bright light gold color. Lively, fruity, earthy citrusy sweaty aromas of bitter lemon, lemon sweet tarts, lemon pepper, and gravel with a lively, dry medium-full body and a peppery, refreshing, brisk finish.
Dark color. Earthy, fruity oaky aromas of black currant, dark, toasted oak, vanilla, and coffee with a body and a finish. Dark and rustic with generous oak, juicy tannins and a tart, dry finish.
Garnet color. Aromas of cherry, fine herbs, plum, and boysenberry with a supple, tangy, dry medium body and a smooth, engaging, cheery plum, pomegranate, tart cherry, and kalamata olive finish with well-integrated, medium tannins and light oak. Red plum and tart cherry notes with a hint of savory.
Dark color. Lively, exotic, fruity aromas of cherry, vanilla, spice, and currant with a tart, dry medium body and a smooth, relaxed cherry skin, currant, blackberry, and plum finish with papery tannins and moderate oak. Crisp berry, tart cherry and blackberry flavors are lively and bright finishing with mouthwatering tannins.
Yellow color. Aromas of apple, pear, and creek stone with a round, bright, dry medium body and a seamless, interesting, crisp yellow apple, pear, Meyer lemon, and granite finish with no tannins and light oak. Pear and apple flavors are framed with just a touch of oak and a pleasant minerality.
Ruby color. Aromas of pineapple, maraschino cherry, peach, and elderflower with a creamy, shy, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, appealing, medium-length pineapple, guava, musk melon, and ripe peach finish with no tannins and no oak. A liquid fruit cocktail with all the elements of pineapple, ripe pear, maraschino and sweet peaches.
Bright pale steely pink color. Bright, fruity, funky vinous aromas of green nectarines, green stems, honeysuckle, and well water with a lean, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, charming, short finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium light gold color. Lively, citrusy aromas of Meyer lemons, key lime custard, lemon head candy, and clay with an tangy, dry medium-full body and a peppery, amusing, breezy finish.
Light brilliant color. Exotic, fruity confected aromas of peach jam, sweet pineapple, candied starfruit, and dry mango with an oily, bright, fruity sweet medium body and an effortless, compelling, crisp pineapple, mango, sweet lemon, and candied apple finish with no tannins and no oak. Fruity and juicy with lovely pineapple and mango with notes of sweet lemon.
Deep purple color. Bright, spicy, fruity aromas of red berries, cherries, brown spices, and nuts with a silky, bright, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a silky, relaxed nuts finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A pleasant sangria like concoction.
Bright pale light straw color. Mild, fruity aromas of peaches, pears, and lemon cream with a bright, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a warming, short finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium light garnet color. Bright, fruity aromas of spiced berries, dried cherry, and lemon zest with a bright, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a peppery, short finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Ruby black color. Delicate aromas of cranberry soda bread and berry chutney with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a swift sour cherry, blood orange, and nutshell finish with light oak. A pleasant, relaxing sipper.
Dusty garnet color. Bright, fruity, oaky aromas of cherry, currant, vanilla, and toast with a soft, dry medium body and a graceful, cheery currant, cherry, plum, and vanilla finish with soft tannins and light oak. Clean and simple, a picnic cabernet for roast beef sandwiches to pair with its cherry-currant flavors and soft tannins.
Black violet color. Delicate, fruity aromas of spicy cassis jam and roasted nuts with a supple, crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a brisk black currants, oak, and earth finish with firm, barky tannins and heavy oak. A firm, oaky cabernet that needs a good steak.
Garnet black color. Mild, fruity aromas of berries and peppery spices with a soft, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, breezy nuts and cedar finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A crisp, tasty merlot.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Medium color. Mild, fruity aromas of cherry, vanilla, black licorice, and blackberry with a velvety, soft, dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, cherry, blackberry, and vanilla finish with fine tannins and light oak. Light and easy drinking cherry-blackberry flavors and a touch of oak finishing soft and clean.
Bright medium brick red color. Mild, earthy, fruity aromas of black currants, dried leaves, and hint of mocha with a shy, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, fleeting finish with firm tannins and light oak.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Delicate, fruity, floral citrusy minty aromas of ripe grapes, red flowers, crushed mint, and chalk with a crisp, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, brisk finish.
Bright medium mahogany color. Lively, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of blackberries, dried tree bark, bread crust, and turned earth with an crisp, dry full body and a warming, interesting, brisk finish.
Ruby black color. Bright, fruity aromas of blackberry compote, cinnamon spiced cherries, and cedar with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy honey and cedar plank finish with dusty, woody tannins and moderate oak. A nice chewy red.
Ruby black color. Delicate aromas of nuts, dried berries, and pickle with a supple, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a graceful, rapid berry cookie and cedar finish with moderate oak. A nice red for everyday sipping and casual dining.
Ruby black color. Faint, fruity aromas of baked berries and praline with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a silky, rapid nuts and delicate spice finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A nice everyday red.
Garnet black color. Aromas of chocolate and cherries with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, quick nuts and cedar bark finish with dusty, woody tannins and moderate oak. A sturdy quaffer.
Bright medium mahogany color. Fruity, vinous aromas of mulberries, lignated stems, mocha, and potters clay with a chewy, crisp, dry full body and a warming, layered, cheery finish.
Ruby color. Fruity aromas of honeyed cherries and berry sorbet with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a brisk nutskin, cedar bark, and earth finish with fine, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A easy-going, well oaked pinot noir.
Bright color. Bold, fruity aromas of wild raspberry, boysenberry, cherry conserve, and sweet vanilla with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, relaxed black cherry, plum skin, vanilla, and pomegranate finish with soft tannins and moderate oak. Big and juicy style with soft tannins and fairly generous oak for the cab drinker taking a peak at pinot.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Bright, earthy, fruity spicy aromas of baked cherries, dried leaves - canvas, and pepper with a tart, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, amusing, fleeting finish with fine, firm tannins and light oak.
Ruby color. Aromas of blackberry, cherry, and plum with a round, soft, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, breezy cherry, plum, boysenberry, and vanilla finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. Fruity style with virtually no tannin bitterness for simple, every day enjoyment.
Dark garnet color. Lively, fruity aromas of red plum, toasty vanilla, lingonberry, and cherry jam with a crisp, dry medium body and a warming, delightful, medium-length blackberry, plum, cherry, and vanilla finish with chewy, dusty tannins and heavy oak. Toasty vanilla frames a palate full of red cherry, plum jam and tart blackberries.
Pink color. Aromas of fruit punch candy and cherry cookie with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light body and a silky, brisk melon rind and nut finish. A pleasant everyday rosé.
Amber salmon color. Fruity aromas of white grape juice and popsicle with a silky, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and an even, easy apple sauce, lemon sorbet, and nougat finish with fine, fruit tannins and no oak. A bit simple and grapey, but a very pleasant off dry rose that will be good with bbq.
Bright straw color. Delicate, floral, fruity aromas of white lily, white peach, honeysuckle, and charentais melon with a satiny, bright, fizzy, sweet light-to-medium body and an even, breezy white peach, honeysuckle, yellow plum, and sweet melon finish with no tannins and no oak. Peaches and sweet melon flavors tingle on your tongue with lively bubbles and a fruity finish.
Pale neon color. Delicate, fruity, confected aromas of berry and orange sorbets and spice with a supple, bright, spritzy, off-dry light-to-medium body and a graceful, quick green apple skin and chalk finish with crunchy, fruit tannins. An amusing blue bubbly.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Yellow straw color. Mild, fruity, yeasty aromas of raisin soda bread, apple skin, and nut skin with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk finish with light oak. A mellow, crisp, and light chardonnay with a sturdy oak frame.
Golden yellow color. Bright, toasty aromas of roasted nuts and grilled pineapple with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a warming, breezy roasted apples and spiced nuts finish. A nice oaky chardonnay for everyday sipping.
Bright medium light gold color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of yellow apples, pineapple, butter cream, and gravel with an crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, stimulating, brisk finish.
Golden yellow color. Mild, earthy aromas of apple tree, nutskin, and citrus with a soft, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a seamless, breezy lemon and earth finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. A solid everyday sipper.
Bright medium golden straw color. Bright, fruity, citrusy aromas of Meyer lemons, green apples, turned earth, and Schweppes bitter lemon with an tart, dry full body and a warming, appealing, short-lived finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright medium golden straw color. Fruity, toasty aromas of bruised green apple and pineapple with a crisp, dry full body and a peppery, short finish with grippy tannins and light oak.
Golden straw color. Delicate, toasty aromas of roasted nuts and grilled pineapple with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a polished, breezy apple, citrus, and earth finish with dusty, woody tannins and light oak. A light and delicate oak influenced chardonnay.
Yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of dried pineapple and apple sauce with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, quick apple bobbing water finish. A carefree, everyday white wine.
Bright straw green color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of pineapple, guava, yellow watermelon, and tangerine with a soft, fruity medium body and an even, amusing, breezy pineapple, mango, sweet cantaloupe, and pear compote finish with no tannins and no oak. Fruity, juicy and smooth with tropical notes and a pleasantly sweet finish.
White gold color. Fruity aromas of necatarine, citrus, and nougat with a silky, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, relaxed green apple, lime, and nutshell finish with fine, fruit tannins. A pleasant tangy pinot grigio.
Medium brilliant color. Delicate, fruity aromas of apple, quince, and lemon with a lean, crisp, dry light body and a smooth, breezy apple, lemon, and melon finish with no tannins and no oak. Clean and no nonsense - a crisp, lean, refreshing white wine.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright color. Bright, fruity, confected aromas of green apple, cake icing, melon, and grapefruit with a soft, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and an even, crisp green apple, tart pear, and creek stone finish with no tannins and no oak. Crisp, clean and utterly refreshing as a sipper with simply prepared light dishes.
Bright light golden straw color. Lively, citrusy, fruity aromas of Meyer lemon, clay, honey suckle, and Schweppes bitter lemon with a tart, dry medium body and a warming, momentary finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Yellow color. Aromas of papaya, ripe peach, rainier cherries, and mango with a creamy, soft, fruity body and a smooth, delightful, brisk papaya, juicy sweet mango, pineapple, and canned pear finish with no tannins and no oak. Fruity and easy drinking with appealing tropical notes.
Yellow color. Aromas of yellow peach, pineapple, white flowers, and golden raspberries with an soft, dry light-to-medium body and a graceful, captivating, brisk yellow watermelon, pineapple, applesauce, and honey finish with no tannins and no oak. Light, simple and approachable for everyday enjoyment.
Bright golden straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of green apple, grapefruit, yellow plum, and river rock with a crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, interesting, medium-length yellow apple, grapefruit, melon, and lemongrass finish with no tannins and no oak. Crisp and tart with refreshing apple and grapefruit flavors and a clean finish.
Pale straw color. Delicate, funky, fruity yeasty aromas of yellow apples, ripe lemons, and gravel dust with a tart, dry medium body and a warming, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Brilliant light gold color. Mild aromas of whole pineapple and nut brittle with a supple, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a sleek, brisk tart apple, nutskin, and earth finish with fine, dusty tannins and light oak. A pleasant dry chardonnay for the table.
Bright light straw green color. Bright, fruity, citrusy yeasty aromas of grilled Greek lemons, toasty yeast, and baked parchment with a crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, stimulating, swift finish with grippy, firm tannins and light oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Lively, jammy, fruity woody aromas of ripe blackberries, rustic earthiness, dried straw, and planked cedar with an tart, dry full body and a warming, compelling, brisk finish with firm, crunchy, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Bright dark ruby black color. Bright, fruity, earthy aromas of wood putty, green balsa wood, tuned earth, and cherry with a puckering, dry medium-full body and a warming, brisk finish with firm, grippy tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium brick red color. Rubbery, jammy fruity spicy aromas of spiced raspberries, molten plastic, milk chocolate, and black pepper with a bright, dryish medium-full body and a peppery, interesting, rapid finish with grippy, firm tannins and moderate oak.
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
 No Added Chemicals 
 No Added Chemicals 
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Burnt sienna color. Mild, fruity, creamy aromas of chocolate nuts and baked plum with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a silky, breezy flan, earth, and dark butter roasted nuts finish. A fruity and earthy merlot.
Silvery emerald straw color. Bright, citrusy, earthy aromas of roasted grapefruit, passionfruit custard, herbs, and grilled pepper with a supple, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and an effortless, grass and melon finish with no oak. A zesty earthy sauvignon blanc.
Brilliant yellow straw color. Mild, fruity, oaky aromas of yellow apple, Bartlett pear, yellow plum, and vanilla with a soft, dry medium body and a polished, breezy yellow apple, watermelon, lemon, and vanilla finish with no tannins and light oak. Clean, crisp style that is lightly oaked, letting the citrus and soft fruit flavors shine thru.
Garnet color. Aromas of blackberry, strawberry, and plum with a round, bright, dry medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-length cherry, strawberry, boysenberry, and sweet vanilla finish with silky tannins and light oak. Clean and fruity, easy drinking with cherry, strawberry, plum and a soft finish.
Silvery straw color. Bold, exotic aromas and flavors of goat cheese rind, gooseberry-fig jam on toast pints, delicate pickling spices, and white tea leaves with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, cheery finish that presents accents of pickled melon, kaffir lime, and dusty straw. A very savory and distinctive sauvignon blanc for robust earthy dishes.
Ruby color. Delicate aromas and flavors of cherry bonbons and mocha with a silky, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a brisk finish with accents of honeyed nuts and cedar. A super-fruity, bordering on sweet, red.
 Certified Organic-Fair Trade Certified 
Bright dark garnet blue violet color. Fruity, interesting aromas and flavors of tangy black fruits, stewed plums, dried twigs, and white pepper with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry medium-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Mild aromas of chocolate, clay, and fruit leather with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk spiced berries and figs, nutshells, and tea bag finish with cottony tannins. A solid quaffer.
Dark garnet black color. Aromas and flavors of latte, roasted nuts, and vanilla cream with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a tingling finish conveying accents of cedar, sour cherry, and tree bark with leafy tannins and heavy oak. A sturdy, oaky cab for the table.
Gold color. Aromas of cream cheese pastry and dried tropical fruits with a supple, tangy, petillant, fruity medium body and a tingling, engaging, medium-length apple custard, citrus, and nutshells finish with soft tannins and light oak. A rock solid oak forward chardonnay with zesty acidity.
Clear bright gold color. Mild, fruity aromas of powdery apple crumble, pineapple sauce, brewers yeast, and tree bark with a glycerous, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, brisk green apple and nutshell finish with firm tannins and light oak. A nice everyday chardonnay
Bright gold color. Bold, oaky, smoky aromas of lemon sour cream, overripe pineapple, bark, and matchstick with a glycerous, tangy, dryish medium body and a warming, intriguing, crisp pineapple custard, candied lemon, cedar planks, and moss finish with woody tannins and heavy oak. A very oaky, wild and wooly chardonnay
Gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of apple and lemon tart with a soft, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a brisk pineapple, spiced nuts, and grass finish. A pleasant sipper.
Medium dark clear garnet color. Mild, fruity, funky aromas of black fruits, wild yeast, old oak staves, and turned earth with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry medium body and a warming, short finish with firm tannins and light oak. A simple, funky, rustic Spanish red.
Orange amber color. Bold, smoky aromas of charred nuts and meats and smoked berries with a supple, bright, off-dry light-to-medium body and a graceful, intriguing, breezy sour cherry jam, honeyed strawberries, and bbq woods finish with heavy oak. A curiously smoky rose for BBQ.
Silvery pink color. Delicate aromas of cranberry sauce, sweet pickle relish, and honeyed nuts with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and an even, swift watermelon and dried cherry finish. A carefree rose that is nice and easy.
Bright medium golden yellow color. Bright, fruity aromas of floral honeycomb, pears, and figs with a soft, bright, fruity sweet medium body and a tingling, breezy yellow apple and nut finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A solid sipper.
Golden straw color. Lively, creamy aromas of toasted meringue, white chocolate mint cookie, and banana with a soft, tart, dry light body and a smooth, snappy Italian lemon juice, green starfruit, and herbs and bark finish with no oak. A very racy white for the table.
Yellow color. Aromas of spiced apples and nuts, citrus peel, and linen with a soft, crisp, dryish light body and a smooth, brisk melon, nutskin, and minerals finish with no oak. A light and dry quaffer.
 Certified Organic-Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
Bright pale straw color. Mild, fruity aromas of peach skin, gravel, and lemon soda with a lean, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. An easy quaffer to be used as an aperitif.
Ruby black color. Sweet, buttery aromas of vanilla frosted berry danish with a soft, bright, fruity light body and a swift whole nuts finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A fruity carefree sipper.
Yellow straw color. Mild, earthy aromas of dried lemon and grass with a soft, crisp, dry light body and a tingling, brisk nectarine skin, earth, and parchment finish. A light and easy quaffer.
Bright medium ruby garnet color. Delicate, fruity aromas of dusty berries and black pepper with a puckering, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, short finish with grippy tannins and light oak.
Garnet black color. Faint aromas of baked berries with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a brisk chocolate mint, roasted carrot, and nutshell finish with leafy tannins and light oak. A mild, chewy table wine.
Ruby color. Curious, earthy aromas of marinated beets and root vegetables, cherry compote, nuts, and forest floor with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, peculiar, buoyant cranberry, cacao nib, and grassy earth finish with crunchy tannins. An earthy, rustic pinot to serve with game.
Nearly opaque deep purple color. Bright, earthy aromas of tree bark, ink, and cocoa with a satiny, soft, dry-yet-fruity light body and a tingling, breezy roasted beets, leaves, and nutshells finish with firm, papery tannins and moderate oak. A sturdy, tannic red that needs a good steak.
Ruby color. Aromas of sour cherry, toffee, and gherkin with a silky, crisp, dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk cranberry, beets, and earth finish with dusty tannins and light oak. A nice dry quaffer.
Yellow color. Aromas of apple, nectarine, and nutshell with a supple, bright, dryish body and a seamless, brisk lemon and straw finish with no oak. A dry table wine.
Ruby color. Aromas of honeyed berries and delicate spice with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, crisp baked apple, minerals, and tree bark finish with dusty, grippy tannins and light oak. A sturdy table wine.
Bright pale golden yellow color. Lively, fruity, floral herbal aromas of green nectarines, buttercream, and dried twigs with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, appealing, breezy finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Bright medium brown brick red color. Lively, fruity, earthy funky aromas of baked cherry, wet dog fur, beech mushrooms, and turned earth with a chewy, lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, compelling, breezy finish with grippy, woody tannins and moderate oak.
Bright medium ruby black color. Earthy aromas of dark berries, toffee, vanilla cream, and leather with a supple, bright, dryish medium body and a warming, buoyant carrot, toasted cedar, earth, and parchment finish with coating, papery tannins and moderate oak. A sturdy dry red.
Bright light siam color. Bright, fruity aromas of raspberry and dried twigs with a chewy, tart, fruity sweet medium body and a warming, swift finish with fruit tannins and no oak.
Garnet black color. Aromas of baked cherries and mulberries, melted chocolate, delicate spice, and gum with a satiny, off-dry medium body and a warming, relaxed raisins and grape skins, roasted chestnuts, coconut, and glued wood finish with dusty, leafy tannins and moderate oak. A pleasant dessert companion.
Brilliant light ruby color. Delicate, earthy aromas of waxy honeycomb and baked cherries with an oily, lively, dry light-to-medium body and a warming, captivating, breezy marinated cucumber and nutshell finish. A very dry, savory mead for the table.
Bright gold color. Lively, alliaceous, fruity aromas of honeyed peach danish with a supple, soft, bubbly, sweet light body and a tingling, brisk dried citrus, rain water, and chalk finish. An somewhat dry, bubbly fruit mead.
Light straw green color. Delicate, earthy, funky aromas of herbal mouthwash and ginger snap with a lean, vibrant, dryish thin body and a warming, breezy spiced whole nuts, grassy herbs, and cork finish. A mead for Asian cuisine.
Violet color. Bright, meaty aromas of BLT, berry scone, and nuts with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, brisk plum and nutskin finish with moderate oak. A solid red sipper or burger wine.
Deep purple color. Bright aromas of malted chocolate and black raspberry cobbler with a supple, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy cedar and nutskin finish with crunchy, papery tannins and moderate oak. A sturdy red for the table.
Garnet black color. Delicate aromas of chocolate berries and butter roasted nuts with a supple, tart, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful, brisk green apple, pomegranate, and earth finish with firm, barky tannins and moderate oak. A tangy, oaky red for the table.
Bright pale burnt sienna color. Mild, fruity, toasty aromas of cassis, turned earth, black berries, and green olives with a chewy, bright, dry medium body and a warming, medium-length finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Dusty ruby color. Bright, fruity aromas of dark berry jam, chocolate nuts, and pencil with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light body and a short cranberry, cedar bark, and vanilla nuts finish with firm, woody tannins and heavy oak. A sturdy everyday dinner wine.
Gold color. Aromas of apple, honeydew, vanilla, and cantaloupe with a creamy, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, quick pear, apple, melon, and vanilla finish with no tannins and moderate oak. Generous mouthful of ripe pear and sweet melon with toasty and vanilla laced oak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Pale color. Confected, fruity aromas of yellow apple, honeysuckle, pear tartlet, and honeydew melon with a satiny, shy, spritzy, moderately sweet light-to-medium body and a sleek, fast yellow apple, candied pear, honeycomb, and sweet papaya finish with no tannins and no oak. Simple and approachable with sweet apple, melon and candied pear on a framework of gentle, delightful bubbles.
Bright medium sunburst color. Mild, fruity aromas of cranberry, cherry Pez, sultana raisins, and dried twigs with an tangy, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, brief finish.
Brilliant ruby garnet color. Delicate, funky aromas of raspberry and cherry jams with a supple, crisp, fruity sweet light body and a sleek, brisk apple sauce, nutskin, and cedar finish with dusty tannins and light oak. A pleasant, off-dry quaffer.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Lively, fruity, jammy aromas of concord grapes -raisins, cranberry, and potters clay with an crisp, moderately sweet medium-full body and a warming, refreshing, brisk finish.
Brilliant garnet color. Bright, fruity, sweet aromas of cherry and cranberry sorbets and raisins with a soft, bright, very sweet light body and an even, brisk finish. A juicy sweet dessert wine.
Dark garnet color. Delicate, savory, fruity aromas of black cherry, beef stock, roasted root vegetables, and currant with a lively, dry medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length currant, dried strawberry, savory pot roast, and cherry finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. Very interesting and savory with currant and cherry flavors intermingling with notes of roast winter vegetables and roast beef savoriness.
Garnet black color. Bright, fruity, spicy aromas of cherry pie filling and pickling spices with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk nutskin finish with fine tannins and light oak. A nice, simple everyday red.
Dark opaque color. Fruity, jammy aromas of strawberry jam, crushed cherry, lingonberry, and sweet vanilla with a chewy, soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a smooth, delightful, breezy roasted black cherry, black plum, blackberry, and sweet vanilla finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Massively dark, juicy style with plenty of stuffing and vanilla oak notes over-delivering versus veering towards balance.
Dark garnet color. Bright, jammy aromas of raspberry jelly on raisin toast with a bright, fruity light-to-medium body and an effortless, breezy honeyed plums finish with light oak. A simple, very fruity red wine.
Violet color. Bright, fruity aromas of berry scone, dried cherries, and nut brittle with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a silky, short oak and nut shell finish with fine, fruit tannins and light oak. An easy drinking everyday red.
Dusty ruby color. Mild aromas of cherry, roasted pepper, and putty with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a brisk blood orange and whole nuts finish with papery tannins and light oak. A carefree table wine.
Bright medium sunburst color. Bright, fruity, savory aromas of concord grapes, silly putty, and dried leaves with a supple, crisp, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, compelling, crisp finish.
Pink color. Aromas of papaya, cherry lifesaver, candied strawberry, and peach cream pie with a round, lively, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and an even, brisk maraschino cherry, strawberry juice, plum jam, and berry tartlet finish with no tannins and no oak. Juicy fruity sweet with plenty of sweet berry and plum to enjoy as a dessert or for the sweet tooth imbiber.
Pink color. Aromas of strawberry candy, roasted sour cherry, berry compote, and cotton candy with a thick, shy, sweet medium-to-full body and a smooth, brisk cherry compote, strawberry jam, smashed sweet berries, and candied watermelon finish with no tannins. Jam packed with sweet, juicy fruit for the sweet tooth or to enjoy with sparkling water in a spritz at the beach.
Light garnet color. Bold, fruity aromas of crushed raspberry, plum jam, boysenberry jelly, and wild strawberry with a creamy, shy, fizzy, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a smooth, brisk sweet juicy strawberry, plum, boysenberry, and blackberry jam finish with no tannins and no oak. Think sparkling strawberries, juicy, smooth and tingly, a glass of sweet summertime.
Bright medium light gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of yellow apple, peach pit, and baked parchment with a soft, lively, finely carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, brisk finish.
Bright medium light gold color. Lively, funky, toasty aromas of green apples, bread toast, and powdery yeast with a lean, lively, finely carbonated, dryish medium body and a tingling, rapid finish.
Yellow straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of pineapple cake, praline, spiced apple, and paste with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a brisk papaya and nutskin finish with woody tannins and light oak. A pleasant oaky chardonnay.
Bright medium gold color. Bright, fruity, earthy toasty aromas of green apple, bread toast, gravel, and lemon zest with an bright, dry full body and a warming, compelling, brisk finish.
Bright medium light gold color. Lively, fruity, toasty savory earthy aromas of bruised apples, pan grille, and turned earth with a lively, dry medium-full body and a warming, captivating, brisk finish.
Clear color. Delicate aromas of apple, pear, vanilla, and quince with a soft, dry medium body and an even, short yellow apple, pear, and vanilla finish with no tannins and light oak. Clean and simple in a lightly oaked style.
Pale color. Delicate, fruity, floral aromas of honeysuckle, peach, apple, and melon with an soft, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, compelling, easy cantaloupe, ripe apple, nectarine, and white raspberry finish with no tannins and no oak. Fruity and off dry with a simple, but pleasing nose of sliced apples, pears and melon.
Golden straw color. Bright, toasty aromas of nougat, meringue, and caramelized peach with a soft, dryish light body and an even, brisk mint and nutskin finish. Serve with a good chill.
Bright medium gold color. Delicate, fruity, earthy minerally aromas of bruised peaches, apple sauce, and loess with a crisp, dryish medium body and a warming, interesting, quick finish.
White gold color. Delicate, fruity aromas of pear, melon, and nougat with a soft, bright, dryish thin body and an effortless, brisk Meyer lemon and chalk finish with crunchy, fruit tannins and no oak. A very light and appetizing sauvignon blanc.
Bright light yellow straw color. Citrusy, earthy aromas of faint lemon, gravel, and light taffy with a crisp, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, short finish with fruit tannins and light oak.
Silvery straw color. Mild, earthy, musty aromas of dried citrus and hay with a soft, bright, dryish light body and a polished, fast kiwi, melon, and bamboo finish.
Bright light gold color. Mild, fruity, earthy aromas of green apples, loest - gravel, and lime zest with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, brisk finish.
Clear golden amber color. Delicate aromas of caramelized nuts, lemon pepper, and baked apples with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, brisk kiwi, melon, and nutskin finish with silky tannins. A pleasant, rounded chardonnay.
Black ruby color. Mild, spicy, earthy aromas of spiced berries and clay with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk earth and cinnamon finish with dusty, coating tannins and moderate oak. A sturdy, earthy red for the table.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Dusty ruby color. Spicy, interesting aromas of baked berries, olive, clay, and nut with a soft, crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a brisk sugared berries and toasty cedar finish with soft tannins. A fruity , spicy off-dry red.
Dark brick red color. Curious, yeasty aromas and flavors of rising bread dough, panettone, honeyed cherries, and white pepper with a supple, bright, sweet medium body and a peppery, odd, long finish manifesting notes of berry vinaigrette, orange marmalade, brandied raisins, and cedar with clunky tannins and moderate oak. A brash and warming dessert wine; serve with cheeses and nuts.
Opaque garnet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of sweet spices and herbs, chocolate berry tart, twigs, and adhesive with a dry-yet-fruity medium body and a brisk finish conveying accents of gherkin, cranberries, toasty cedar, and earth with clunky tannins and heavy oak. A brawny steak wine.
Garnet black color. Rich, fruity, toasty aromas and flavors of black raspberry pie and pencil shavings with a supple, tart, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an interesting finish conveying notes of tomato relish, mulberry, cranberry skin, and bark with hard tannins. A very structured, tannic red for the table.
Gold color. Bright, buttery aromas of buttercream and caramel apple with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, cheery finish. A solid sipper.
Dark clear violet color. Delicate, fruity aromas of blackberry cordial with a lively, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a silky, short sour cherry pie finish with medium tannins and light oak. A crisp red quaffer with a touch of sweet fruit.
Light clear brown brick red color. Mild, fruity aromas of red raspberry jelly with a velvety, shy, dry-yet-fruity thin body and a silky, short bing cherry finish with no tannins and no oak. A summer red wine, fine for an evening on the beach.
Clear pale straw green color. Funky aromas of peach pits and fallen apples with a tangy, spritzy, dry light body and a bright key lime ice finish with no tannins and no oak.
Clear medium golden yellow color. Interesting, sweet fruity aromas of raspberry hard candy with a glycerous, soft, off-dry medium body and a sleek, atypical, medium-length strawberry finish with no tannins and no oak. Nearly a fruit wine and nicely made.
White gold color. Mild, waxy aromas of beeswax, nut oil, and dried nectarine with a supple, puckering, bone-dry body and a smooth, brisk lemon juice, grape leaves, and green apple skin finish with no oak. A bone-dry, bracing, laser-like riesling that needs food.
Bright gold color. Mild aromas of honeycomb, nut brittle, and honeysuckle with a lean, crisp, dry light body and a smooth, brisk apple core, grass, lemon rind, and potpourri finish. A mature, very dry and earthy table wine.
Siam color. Bright, toasty, fruity earthy grainy aromas of tree bark, cherry toffee (Brach's), toasted yeast, and hint of lemon cream with a lean, tart, dryish medium body and a warming, appealing, short finish with earthy barky tannins and light oak. Short flavors a bit too rustic.
Dusty light silvery emerald straw color. Bright, fruity aromas of peaches, bubble gum dust, and gravel with a lean, crisp, fruity medium body and a warming, brisk finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Simple easy quaffer.
Bright clear ruby black color. Bright, fruity, oaky aromas of dark berry yogurt and creamy nougat with a velvety, tangy, dryish medium-full body and a warming, charming, short nuts and oak finish with woody firm tannins and heavy oak. A brawny tannic zin that needs food.
Emerald straw color. Delicate, curious aromas of ironed linen, starfruit, and apple skin with a soft, puckering, petillant, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, swift lemon, grass, and apple sauce finish. A tart light table wine.
Black violet color. Aromas of carnation, toffee, and dried fruits with a supple, racy, dry medium body and a brisk parchment, berry seeds, and cedar mulch finish with firm hard tannins and heavy oak. A firmly structured red for well marbled meats; make sure to aerate or decant first.
Cloudy opaque ivory color. Faint aromas of rice paper, boiled rice, and figs and nuts with a silky, soft, off-dry medium body and a carefree apple pie a la mode, balsa, pepper, and potato water finish. A sturdy nigori best with food.
Garnet color. Aromas of cedar, blackberry pie, and peppery spice with a supple, dryish medium body and a tingling, charming, medium-length berry yogurt and tree bark finish with woody, grippy tannins and heavy oak. A very firm oaky red.
Salmon orange color. Bright, smoky aromas of grilled cherries and berries with a crisp, petillant, light body and a smooth, sparse melon rind and cherry pit finish with chewy, fruit tannins and no oak. A dry, smoky, earthy rose.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Garnet black color. Bright, fruity, toasty aromas of berry tart and caramelized bacon with a silky, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, short dried blueberries, nutskin, and charcoal finish with light oak. A pleasant bbq wine.
Garnet color. Aromas of roasted nuts and peppers, painted barn, and olive with a supple, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a polished, odd, rapid cedar saw dust, pomegranate, and bark finish with hard tannins and heavy oak. A firm, sturdy red for the table.
Brown brick red color. Dank aromas of honeyed sour cherries, tomato, and red grape with a lean, crisp, bone-dry thin body and a charming, short cherry pit, pomegranate seed, nut oil, and gherkin finish with light oak. A earthy and unusual, dry rosé.
Light garnet color. Bright, fruity, sweet aromas of cherry pie filling with a supple, bright, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk strawberry jam, nuts, and cedar finish with fine tannins and light oak. A carefree, sweet red; try with bbq.
Salmon orange color. Bright, fruity, sweet aromas of watermelon and cherries candies and candied orange with a crisp, spritzy, cloying light-to-medium body and a smooth, relaxed strawberry jelly finish with no oak. A very candied dessert wine.
Garnet black color. Delicate, spicy, creamy aromas of peppery spices, cashew nougat, boysenberry preserves, and yeasty bread with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a polished, nutskin and parchment finish with dusty tannins and light oak.
Ruby black color. Delicate, fruity aromas of honeyed raisins, spiced nuts, and oak with a supple, crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a tingling, brisk melon rind, cherry skin, and melon rind finish with woody, dusty tannins and moderate oak. A sturdy red for the table.
Ruby color. Aromas of cherry, spicy vanilla, plum, and cherry with a creamy, soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a graceful, quick cherry, plum, vanilla, and tar finish with soft tannins and moderate oak. Full bodied style with loads of plum and cherry-berry fruit, generous oak with a chubby finish.
Pink color. Aromas of cherry, boysenberry, black raspberry jam, and plum pie with a creamy, soft, spritzy, fruity sweet medium body and a polished, quick cherry jam, plum compote, strawberry cream pie, and blackberry tea finish with no tannins and no oak. Jam packed with sweet, juicy fruit, this far from shy rose delivers gobs of sweet fruit.
Golden straw color. Mild, toasty aromas of pineapple cake and apple nut muffin with a soft, bright, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a short nutskin and baked apples in parchment finish with light oak.
Brilliant emerald straw color. Bright, toasty aromas of roasted pecans and honey baked pineapple with a soft, dry light-to-medium body and an even, short brown butter, grilled apple, and earth finish with woody tannins and heavy oak. A dry, light, firmly oaky chardonnay.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright light garnet color. Delicate, earthy, fruity toasty aromas of spiced tart berries, dried leaves, dried lemon zest, and turned earth with a chewy, tangy, dry medium body and a warming, intriguing, scant finish with firm, fine, fruit tannins and light oak.
Ruby color. Bright, woody aromas of pencil shavings, dark chocolate, and dried mulberries with a silky, bright, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, brisk finish with medium, dusty tannins and heavy oak. A fruity, very oaky red.
Yellow color. Mild aromas and flavors of lime, green apple, and potting soil with a supple, tart, fruity body and a brisk finish with notes of nectarine pit, dried lemon, and earth. A sturdy swine for the table.
Ruby color. Curious, confected aromas of dreamsicle, fruit stripe gum, beet slices, and grape phosphate with a supple, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, snappy borscht, cole slaw, nut butter, and lanolin finish with woody tannins and moderate oak. A somewhat odd and disconnected wine that needs food.
Golden yellow color. Delicate aromas of grilled stone fruits and flower stems with a supple, soft, dryish light-to-medium body and an effortless, fast dried apple, lemon chiffon, and nutskin finish with light oak. Serve with food.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Dark ruby black color. Mild aromas and flavors of dried berries and anise cookie with a soft, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a quick finish that presents notes of cherry-apple cider, strawberry jam, and oak with soft tannins and light oak. A pleasant fruity quaffer.
Clear golden straw color. Delicate, fruity aromas of apple cider, nuts, gravel, and dried pineapple with a even, bright, dryish medium body and a tingling, rapid dried lemon, nutshell, and earth finish with firm tannins and light oak. A decent carefree chardonnay.
Pale bright straw color. Bright, floral aromas of lipstick, pressed flowers, and peaches with a lightly tannic, crisp, off-dry medium body and a tingling, brisk honeyed green apple, lemon, and potpourri finish with fruit tannins and no oak. A fruity carefree sipper.
White gold color. Mild, fruity, yeasty aromas of apricot yogurt and twigs with a oily, shy, bone-dry body and a seamless, scant finish with no oak. A very light, very dry quaffer.
Pale light emerald straw color. Lively, fruity aromas of peach pits, turnips, and green stems with a lean, bright, dryish medium body and a warming, brief finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Nice hints of a green earthiness.
Pale medium yellow straw color. Bright, fruity, earthy minerally funky aromas of bruised peaches, nectarines, parchment, and gravel with a lean, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, quick finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Flavors are too truncated.
Amber color. Aromas of peony, honeyed peaches and apples, and delicate spices with a supple, crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a swift dried citrus, gravel, nutskin, and parchment finish with papery tannins and moderate oak. A very dry, austere fortified wine.
Bright medium golden amber color. Bright, fruity, funky medicinal aromas of apricot pits, dried white flowers, and dried twigs with a chewy, tart, sweet medium-full body and a peppery, interesting, fleeting finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Comes off as very artificial.
Dark ruby color. Odd aromas of wax and cranberry stem with a supple, puckering, bone-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, short cranberry skin and balsa finish with cottony, coating tannins and no oak. A lean and austerely dry cranberry wine.
Hazy dark ruby color. Mild, odd aromas of spic and span cleanser, tomatoes on the vine, dried mulberries, and chicken soup with a glycerous, shy, petillant, dry-yet-fruity light body and a tingling, odd, brisk twigs, fruit seeds, and mulch finish. A most unusual mead, for the adventurous.
Violet color. Delicate, fruity aromas of berries and honey baked ham with a soft, crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a momentary craisin, whole nuts, and twigs finish with hard, grippy tannins and heavy oak. A light oak red that needs food.
Garnet black color. Bright, fruity, smoky aromas of blackberries, caramel, and toasty cedar with a supple, tart, dryish medium body and a tingling, fast pomegranate, pepper, and straw finish with medium tannins and light oak. A burly red for the table.
Bright pale color. Bright, confected, fruity aromas of wedding cake, canned peaches, sugar cookies, and pineapple candy with an oily, flat, cloying medium-to-full body and a seamless, short sugar cookie, wedding cake, candied papaya, and syrup finish with no tannins and no oak. Sweet and rich with a hint of exotic fruit.
Bright medium burnt sienna color. Delicate, fruity, earthy aromas of cherries, dried leaves, turned earth, and pepper with a puckering, dry medium-to-full body and a peppery, short finish with firm, grippy tannins and light oak.
Ruby black color. Delicate, minerally, fruity aromas of raspberries and currants with a soft, bright, dryish light body and an effortless, fleeting nutshell, moss, and cranberry yogurt finish. A light, dry quaffer.
Golden straw color. Lively aromas of dried grapefruit and grass with a soft, puckering, light body and a tingling, short-lived lemon juice and fallen leaves finish.
Pale gold color. Bright, interesting aromas of waxy honeycomb, buttery nut brittle, tree bark, and pressed flowers with a soft, bright, dryish light-to-medium body and a warming, rapid finish with woody tannins and moderate oak. A simple oaky chardonnay that would be best if served very cold.
Light silver pink color. Delicate, fruity aromas of white strawberries, melon rind, and tangerine with a even, vibrant, dryish light-to-medium body and a warming, short chalk eraser and nutshell finish with leafy dusty tannins and light oak. A lean, austerely dry rose; try as a sangria base.
Clear light amber color. Muted, attractive, floral aromas of gladiola with a lean, crisp, bone-dry thin body and a tingling, perplexing, immediate citric acid finish with no tannins and no oak. Mouth-puckering tartness pretty much overwhelms anything else.
Bright pale golden straw color. Fruity, citrusy creamy aromas of tangerine, spiced lemons, yeast, and buttercream with a lean, bright, fruity medium body and a warming, short finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Pleasant soft fruit.
Straw green color. Floral, sweet fruity spicy aromas of grapes, ripe apples, parchment, and canning wax with a crisp, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, captivating, momentary finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Flavors are a bit truncated.
Bright light garnet color. Lively, smoky, sulfury aromas of slightly sour cherry/berry, dried canvas, powdered cherry Kool aid, and blood orange with an crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery, captivating, short finish with medium tannins and light oak.
Burnt sienna color. Delicate, fruity, sweet aromas of grape soda with a soft, shy, sweet light body and a polished, brief stewed raisins and plums and cherry pit finish.
 Certified Organic-Fair Trade Certified-Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright medium dark garnet color. Lively, fruity, floral confected aromas of baked cherries, glazed ham, cabbage, and dandelion with a glycerous, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a tingling, breezy dried cherries and berries, vanilla nut, and marinated beets and carrots finish with silky tannins and no oak. A savory pinot.
Below are 1 through 10 of the 6402 older reviews found.
Deep garnet black color. Dense aromas of eucalyptus, chocolate toffee, mint jelly and cassis pie with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, elegant, and evolving finish with a notes of craisin, spice, vanilla, and sandalwood. An amazingly balanced and flavorful Napa cabernet.
Beautiful golden amber color. Aromas of peach cobbler, white toffee and toasty meringue with a satiny sweet medium-full body and a spicy apple pie, raisin and apricot marmalade finish with a hint of earth. Delicious.
Exotic aromas and flavors of potpourri, cassis, and spicy pumpkin and apple pies with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a layered cinnamon-clove spiced nuts, mocha and fine tannin finish. A superbly stylish red that will excel with prime rib or lamb. A world-class blaufrankisch.
Bright pure gold color. Attractive aromas and flavors of honeyed golden raisins, pineapple creme brulee and apricot cake with a rich, satiny sweet and fruit medium-full body and a long, spicy apple pie and mineral accented finish. A delicious and pure dessert wine comparable to the finest Alsatian SGN.
Deep garnet purple color. Rich aromas and flavors of cherries, raspberries, and pickled tomatoes with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, exotic berry, peppercorn, nut, parsley, and beet finish with robust tannins. A great melange of savory fruit, spice and vegetable notes that will be great at the table. This is old school Napa zin at its finest.
Deep garnet color. Aromas and flavors of olive and chocolate covered cherries and graham crackers with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a cassis sorbet, mocha cream, and super fine tannin finish. A seamless, hedonistic, world class cabernet for all occasions.
Deep reddish copper color. Enticing aromas of sautéed almond, pepper, buttery salt caramel and dried citrus peels with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a very long, and warming orange-kiwi marmalade, toffeed nut, suede and spiced caramel baked apple accented finish. Superb complexity, depth and style, in particular the lush Sherry-like notes.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas of olive, leather, chocolate wafer, and dried cherries with a supple, fruity medium-full body and a long, complex, pickled beet, blueberry, raisin, bacon fat, and floral orange nuanced finish. A deeply flavorful and balanced world-class zinfandel that is sure to delight. Impressive!
Deep garnet color. Robust aromas of chocolate mint, eucalyptus and spicy cassis chutney with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, evolving cascade of sweet spices, ripe berries, menthol mint, and minerals with fine tannins. Superb flavor, structure and style make this an exquisite cabernet.
Garnet black color. Resonant aromas of candle wax, oiled leather, olive, clay, and blackberry yogurt with a silky, dryish medium-full body and a long, seamless interplay of tart berries, cocoa, spices, and forest floor minerality. A great earthy, savory table wine that is a dead ringer for a left bank Bordeaux.
Chocolate and vanilla toffees, plum pie, and peppery spice aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, tangy, craisin and raspberry finish with elegant tannins. Exceptionally tasty and nicely balanced for sipping or the table.
Ruby black color. Very bright and fruity aromas of spiced cherries, eucalyptus jelly, and melted toffee with a silky, fruity medium-full body and a long, juicy herb, melon,nougat, and citrus accented finish. A sensational vibrant and flavorful pinot for sipping or pair with spicy salmon teriyaki.
Inky violet color paints the glass. Aromas and flavors of dark chocolate mint cookie and blackberry yogurt with a fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, concentrated finish with chewy tannins. A spot-on petite sirah with great depth and purity.
Deep ruby black color with a brick rim. Dense aromas and flavors of chocolate craisins and nuts and delicate spice with tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, concentrated finish with notes of cedar, dried cherry and forest floor. A fantastically flavorful and balanced Amarone.
Garnet violet black color. Elegant aromas of dark berries, chocolate toffee, and baking spices with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, mocha, apple and mineral nuanced finished with perfected integrated tannins. A remarkably flavorful and polished merlot that will be great with filet mignon.
Dark ruby black color. Intense aromas of cassis, menthol mint, and eucalyptus with a vibrant tangy sweet medium-to-full body and a lengthy honeycomb and pepper accented finish. A zesty, super-pure, fruit dessert wine. A absolute must-try in Kir Royals and other cocktails too.
Shimmering golden yellow color with a delicate bubbly rim. Aromas of fresh marzipan and spicy pear tart with a frothy, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long, zesty honeyed kiwi, real Maraschino cherry, and almond torte finish. This is amazingly delicious, clean and pure and a dessert on it's own, but with vanilla bean gelato and a bit of pound cake,heavenly. Cocktail possibilities abound too.
Garnet violet color. Dense aromas of spicy, honeyed dried berries, peaches, and pears are unique and very attractive with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, chiseled finish with pure, tangy grilled apple, spice, nut, roasted root vegetable, cedar and earth notes. A incredibly impressive zin for savoring on its own or to serve the finest cuts of meat.
Clear pale golden yellow color. Attractive umami driven aromas of salty sautéed mushrooms and soy beans, grilled coconut, and caramelized nuts with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a honeyed nectarine and creamy vanilla-pear custard accented finish. A delicious, artfully crafted (oak aged?) sake for sipping or the table.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of Asian pear, anise, overripe pineapple, and spicy fruit cocktail with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a vibrant peach gelato, vanilla cola, pepper and radish finish. A bold commanding sake.
Faint golden silver color. Bright aromas of tamari, roasted chestnut, and fig with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, savory sautéed shittake, root vegetable, chocolate drizzled pear, and bamboo nuanced finish. Remarkable aged sake complexity and vibrancy. Will be sensational with tempura and teriyaki.
Dark garnet violet color. Bold aromas and flavors of wet clay, olive, nut brittle, baker's chocolate, and dried currants with a silky, dryish medium body and a long, savory, earthy finish with plush, chewy tannins. A fantastically expressive and terroir-driven Napa cabernet that is very reminiscent of a top Saint-Estèphe.
Opaque with a purple rim and red stained legs. Aromas of black currant, briar, black cherry, leather and vanilla. Juicy black cherry, currant and black plum flavors are framed with vanilla, mocha, cocoa nibs and allspice. Deliciously smooth and classic. Napa cabernet
Purple black color. Aromas of toasty Black Forest cake and toffee with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, creamy mocha, dried berry, pink pepper, and orange blossom honey finish with seamless tannins. A delicious, brilliantly focused and balanced zinfandel. Very impressive.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of butter roasted nuts, coconut, and vanilla buttercream with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, and spicy apple pie and Meyer lemon sorbet finish. A delicious, rich, and appetizing chardonnay for all occasions that is a superb marriage of fruit and oak.
Garnet violet color. Robust aromas of raspberry tart, mocha, and vanilla with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, juicy oak spice kissed finish. Fantastic flavor and balance. This is what zinfandel is all about, pure pleasure.
Deep garnet black color. Bold aromas of eucalyptus, blueberry chutney, and vanilla custard tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy honeyed cherry, peppery spice, chocolate, and mineral accented finish with chewy tannins A juicy, robust petite sirah for all occasions. Impressive.
Deep, lustrous garnet color. Aromas of berry custard tart with a tangy, frothy fruity sweet medium-full body and a long, robust pomegranate gelato and blood orange finish. Impressive richness and depth; will be great with vanilla bean ice cream or soft cheeses.
Pale silvery straw color. Mellow aromas of meringue, pear, and melon with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, very long, honeyed kiwi, delicately spiced custard, mineral, and water chestnut finish. A boldly flavorful and elegant saké that delivers maximum enjoyment.
Dull dark ruby black color. Oaky aromas and flavors of roasted nuts, coffee beans, cranberry pie crust, and flower patch earth with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, engaging, medium-length finish with notes of pickled beets, cherry custard, and delicate spice with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious and mouthwatering red that will be great with a wide variety of dishes; chambourcin doesn't get much better than this.
Opaque garnet brick red color. Bright lively aromas and flavors of spiced prunes and cherries, vanilla bean, floral honey, and saffron and white pepper with a satiny, lively, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, very complex, very long finish with notes of fruit leather, craisins, spiced nuts, and cola with silky tannins and light oak. A superb, mature domestic port that has benefitted tremendously from extended bottle age.
Straw color. Floral aromas and flavors of apple blossom, peach, nectarine, and tangerine with a tangy, fizzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a silky, nuanced, medium-length finish with notes of white lily, white raspberry, pear compote, and yellow watermelon with no tannins and no oak. If you want a juicy Moscato with all the classic flavors and aromas, but with vibrant acidity that balances the punchbowl full of fruit, then look no further.
Pure golden silver color. Perfumed aromas of lavender, lilac, lychee, and golden plums with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, spicy, balanced peach and pear-apple cider finish. A spot-on, delicious viognier that is sure to please.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of chocolate, dried currants, baklava, bacon fat, and fleur de sal with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, chocolate covered orange peel, vanilla and cedar finish. A delicious, elegant cabernet.
Aromas of chocolate espresso bean, smoked bacon, and baked berries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy, seamless raspberry, cherry, mocha, and spice driven finish. Wonderfully flavorful and rich with a great meaty character.
Aromas of sizzling bacon, dried berries, black pepper and chocolate mint with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a creamy mocha cream and pear accented on the finish with chewy tannins. A meaty, savory syrah for the table. Yum.
Pale golden yellow color. Rich spicy baked apple aromas with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a layered apple strudel, white nut, and citrus zest accented finish. Delicious and pure and effortlessly drinkable.
Copper color. Aromas of caramelized fruits and nuts, dark chocolate, leather, pepper dust and faint sandalwood with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy spiced craisin, caramelized tangerine and almond accented finish. A zesty, flavorful tawny that will be great on it's own and awesome in crafty, top-shelf cocktails.
Deep garnet black color. Rich dense aromas and flavors of chocolate covered berries, anise cookie, creme brulee, herbs, and spicy carrot cake with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, nuanced finish with oak spice, pepper and tannins masterfully integrated.
Brilliant golden color. Bright aromas of honeyed dried peach, golden raisin, almond and suede with a silky fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering citrus and apricot jam finish. Great purity and vibrancy of fruit.
Interesting aromas of honeyed golden beets, plums, and mangos with a silky, fruity sweet medium body and a honey custard and tangy apricot-apple jam finish. Nice depth and range. Will pair fantastically with goat cheeses.
Savory, meaty aromas of dried berries, pickled beets and okra with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy craisin, Asian spices, and earth accented finish with ultra fine tannins. A great lively and complex table wine.
Rich golden color. Bright aromas of creme brulee and banana-peach pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy honey, dried mango, pineapple and spicy praline nuanced finish. A delicious oak-aged gruner that will appeal to fans of rich chardonnays.
Ruby. Inviting aromas and flavors of honeyed graham cracker, coconut and cherry tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, wonderfully rich, elegant and harmonious finish with vanilla, spice, berry and praline notes dancing on the tongue. A sensationally delicious Napa pinot with great use of American oak.
Dusty garnet color. Deep aromas of toffee, olive, herbs, and spicy berry coulis with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, seamless finish with vanilla, sassafras, cedar, and baking spice notes. A superbly balanced and flavorful syrah that is drinking beautifully now.
Garnet black color. Dense aromas of herbs, spices and chocolate drizzled bacon, nuts and berries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy layered finish with notes of cassis, vanilla, peppercorn and minerals. A vibrant, lively wine with great table appeal; pair with prime rib.
Garnet black color. Complex aromas suggest olives, leather, honeycomb, herbs, and spiced cherries with silky dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body a creamy vanilla, cassis, and incense accented finish with chewy tannins. A delicious, mouthwatering cabernet that is a sheer delight.
Tangy dark berries and a persistent 'sense of place' on the nose. Deliciously rich fruit and oak spice flavors follow with great length and style. An elegant powerhouse of a Merlot.
Deep brown with a brick rim. Vibrant, floral aroma of spiced plums, chocolate, and dried apricot with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, cocoa nut and raisin, cedar, and mineral nuanced finish with lightly dusty tannins. A paragon of a Valpolicella that will triumph at the table.
Garnet color. Rich perfume, ripe berries, spice, minerals, and mocha creme brulee aromas and flavors with a dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a slate accented long, seamless finish. A beautiful, elegant example of Minervois.
Lustrous golden amber color. Aromas of dried peach, waxy honeycomb, and golden raisins with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a orange blossom honey, pepper and caramelized pear accented finish. A superb dessert wine.
Garnet violet color. Aromas and flavors of nut brittle, leather, and sour cherry sauce with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, berry, earth and spiced apple nuanced finish. Fantastically flavorful, balanced, and complex.
Rich golden color. Vibrant aromas of roasted pineapple, praline, and vanilla with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long spiced apple and cashew nuanced finish. A deliciously balanced and flavorful oak influenced chardonnay that is very Burgundian.
Clear. Vibrant aromas of pineapple, yuzu, lilac, chive, creamy nougat and poached pear with a silky, fruity medium-full body and a long, perfumed coconut water, bubblegum, radish, and praline finish. Deliciously bold.
Clear with a very faint, straw green cast. Aromas of anise, coconut custard, Asian pear, anise, and melon rind with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, creamy, delicately spicy apple skin, parsley and chestnut accented finish. Delicious and balanced.
Clear with a faint silvery straw cast. Pure ripe pineapple, anise, and apple custard tart aromas with a fruity medium-to-full body and creamy vanilla pudding, green apple, praline, and pepper accented finish. A delicious and explosively flavorful; a classic sake.
Opaque with a brick red rim and red stained legs. Aromas of black raspberry, black currant, prunes, licorice, leather, heirloom tomato, chocolate covered toffee, old leather-bound books and vanilla bean. Lush black raspberry, plum, leather, black currant and pomegranate flavors are framed with vanilla, baking spice, leather and dark earth. Broad, long and balanced finish.
Opaque with a brick red rim and red stained legs. Aromas of vanilla, licorice, black raspberry, plum jam and butterscotch. Chewy cherry and currant flavors, vanilla, clove, allspice and black licorice. Well integrated tannins balance with dark fruit through the finish.
Bright golden yellow color. Bold aromas of mango chutney, spiced apple, nougat, and pineapple-coconut custard pie with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, juicy, and tangy citrus and cream accented finish. A fantastically fruity, delicious,and vibrant chardonnay.
Deep purple color. Rich aromas of ripe blueberries, pink peppercorn, and vanilla cream with a silky fruity medium-to-full body and tangy sweet tangerine, spice cake, eucalyptus mint and mineral finish. A vibrantly delicious shiraz that stands out from the crowd.
Pale golden color. Aromas of apricots, suede, blossoms, and roasted almonds with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a zesty raspberry jam and peach soda finish. Delicious, try with cheeses or mincemeat pie.
Brick red color. Inviting aromas of cherry, plum, blackberry, and dried herbs with a soft, dry medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium length, cherry, plum, boysenberry, and vanilla finish with light oak. Combines juicy plum and berry-cherry fruit with savory herb notes, generous, but not over-the-top fruit and a jammy, soft finish.
Bright ruby color. Aromas of ripe cherry and honey with a silky, moderately sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting, very long, delicate spice and almond cookie finish. A delicious cherry dessert wine. Impressive purity and length.
Ruby brick red color. Rich aromas and flavors of dried berry compote, brown spices, toffee, and waxy honeycomb with a satiny, vibrant, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tingling, complex, long finish with notes of sassafras, honeyed cherries, and peppery and sweet baking spices with silky tannins. A delicious and elegant port.
Garnet violet color. Mellow aromas and flavors of crayon, olive, and dried currants with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy red berry, cedar, pickling spices, creamy mocha, and mineral accented finish. Very elegant and balanced in second growth Bordeaux style.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright golden straw color. Sweet spiced apple and pear aromas with a fruity sweet medium body and a long, juicy, tropical fruit salad finish. Delicious.
Dark purple color. Pure aromas of blackberry cobbler, honeycomb, and creamy nougat with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, polished, and tangy berry, spice, herb, and cedar finish. A sensational table wine.
Pure mulberry and boysenberry aromas and flavors with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, vanilla bean, olive skin, peppery spice and earth nuanced finish. Very complex and expressive in a class oak frame.
Deep garnet color. Rich milk chocolate covered cassis and nuts, vanilla mint fudge, peppery spice with a hint of seared pork fat with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and long, silky peppercorn, peach-apple pie, and flower patch accented finish. A classic Napa cab with a unique twist.
Bright fruity blueberry cobbler and vanilla aromas with a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a concentrated, flourish of tangy fruity, Asian spices, and nuts. A rich, almost decadent, delicious cabernet.
Rich earthy aromas of dried eucalyptus, dried blueberry, beeswax, and mint jelly with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a eucalyptus incense, nutshell, cedar,and peppercorn accented finish. Exotically delicious.
Dark purple black color. Rich aromas of huckleberries, mulberries, and dried currants with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a polished, craisin, plum pit, cedar, and mineral finish. Rather like a reserved claret style zinfandel.
 Kosher
Rich barrique-driven aromas of caramelized fruits and nuts and spicy vanilla with a fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and long, honeyed craisin, cocoa, cedar, cherry brandy, and peppery spice finish. Colossally flavorful.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of pickling spices, cedar, pepper, and cranberry-tomato chutney with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, tangy long lasting finish. A superb table wine that will go great with a broad range of foods, especially lamb.
Violet red color. Bright aromas of ripe berries, butter roasted cashews, and minty spice with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, juicy pomegranate-tangerine sorbet finish. Fantastic fruit and acidity make this a real pleasure to sip.
Silvery pale ruby color. Bold fruity aromas of wild strawberries and cherries with a silky fruity medium body and a zesty kiwi, green apple, and light smoky mineral nuanced finish. A wonderfully refreshing summer sipper that ranks with the top Provence rosés.
Deep purple. Bright cherry butter and floral honeycomb aromas and flavors with a supple, fruity full body and a long juicy, mouthwatering sour cherry, sandalwood incense and tangerine finish. A deliciously pure and vibrant, textbook zin.
Aromas of almond brittle, dried cherries, delicate fresh herbs and earth with a satiny, medium-full body and a long blueberry, mineral, praline, and pepper spice finish. A delicious, exquisitely balanced zin.
Bright cherry, craisin and cocoa aromas are pure zinfandel with a plush texture, rich fruity medium-full body and a resonant, juicy dried berry and pepper finish. A textbook zin that is tasty and rich.
Amber color. Toasty peach pie, honeyed nut, nectarine, and grass aromas with a silky, fruity sweet medium body and a tangy golden raisin, apple sauce, and peach jam finish. Nice bright acidity will make this a great choice for cheeses.
Dull ruby black color with a red brick rim. Aromas of dried currant, nut brittle, dill pickle and black olive with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a well meshed chocolate, blackberry, and mineral accented finish. A graceful, mellow, well-aged red that will shine at the table with veal chops and elk steaks.
Garnet purple color. Deep aromas of berry pie a la mode, pickling spices, and faint roasted pepper with a tangy, chewy, fruit-driven finish with notes of cherry tobacco and spiced nuts. A voluptuous, sensuous cabernet that will shine at the table.
Bold aromas of leather, honeycomb, dried currants and black olives with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a polished chocolate, blackberry, cherry, and spice finish with light, dusty tannins. Very flavorful and stylish with fantastic food friendly acidity.
Deep ruby black color. Mocha, chocolate covered nut, raspberry, honey roasted carrot, and graham cracker aromas with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a spicy, cassis and mineral finish. A zesty, flavorful Napa cab.
Raspberry compote, pepper dust, dried cherry, nougat, tomato-pepper-olive relish and honeycomb aromas are attractive with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, caramelized pear, vanilla, cocoa and spice accented finish. Elegante and flavorful.
Deep garnet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts and cherry-berry compote with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, evolving finish of cedar, spice, apple, and earth notes with fine tannins. A bold, delicious red.
Perfumed aromas and flavors of chocolate, spicy plum pie, dried cherries, and cedar with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, creamy vanilla, minty herbs and fine tannin nuanced finish. A graceful sipper or pair with filet mignon.
Mellow, mature aromas of dried berries, leather, carob bar, mint, and clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, chewy sweet tobacco, honeyed nut, spice and earth driven finish. This wine eschews flash for class.
Bold aromas and flavors of cranberry sauce, menthol-mint candy, and vanilla nut fudge with a rich, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a mouthwatering, chewy, tannin, dried currant and exotic spices and herbs. A phenomenal flavorful and exotic cabernet that is a steal for under $20.
Blackberry, dark cherry and boysenberry, rich dark soil, vanilla, brown spice, cherry compote and menthol lead to a velvety soft palate with a lingering, somewhat complex, haunting finish. Tannins are fine and integrated. Tastes like a Grand Cru right bank Bordeaux.
Ruby black color. Delicate aromas of dried cherries, toffee, and earth with a silky textured dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, dried fruit, pomegranate sorbet and Asian spices on the long, fine tannin finish. A superbly stylish and nuanced zin; pair with prime rib.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet black color. Aromas and flavors of cassis tart, nuts, plum custard, and clay with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a polished, chewy tannin and dusty earth finish. An elegant table wine.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of blackberries, dried flowers and bacon, and peppery spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, savory, cranberry, tomato and toffee finish. A zesty syrah that will be great with spicy Middle Eastern lamb.
Ruby black color with a fading rim. Bold coffee, chocolate, peppercorn, and berry pie aromas have a savory character with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, dried cherry and salty buttered nut accented finish. A delicious and immensely table tuned syrah that will be great with lamb and pork roasts.
Aromas of pencil shavings, dried berries, and toffee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a lush, tangy and complex spice, earth, and dried stone fruit finish. A delicious and appetizing red that will shine at the table.
Deep golden yellow color. Aromas of vanilla cream, spicy praline, and banana pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and kiwi tart, grilled lemon and melon sorbet finish. A flavorful nicely balanced oak aged gruner. Pair with roasted chicken and pork dishes.
Aromas of honeyed toasted nuts and muffins and dried pineapples with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a spicy apple pie and lemon custard finish. Very well balanced, refreshing and tasty. Pair with roasted chicken and turkey.
Bright golden yellow color. Bold toasty citrus pastry and marinated green pepper and tomato aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a round, praline, roasted guava and pineapple driven finish. Delicious and sex, oak-influenced sauvignon.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of buttery nut brittle, clay, spice, and honeyed berries with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium boy and a tangy cherry-berry pie, watermelon sorbet, olive, and spiced apple finish. A delicious, complex, fruit forward nebbiolo for all occasions. Serve with a slight chill.
Inky purple color. Rich aromas of menthol, eucalyptus honey, chocolate mint, and black raspberry pie with supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a rich, spiced berry, root vegetable, herb and peppercorn driven finish. A big, delicious shiraz.
Deep ruby black color. Lovely aromas of berry pie, vanilla cream, and toffee with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy peppery spice and earth finish. A fantastically flavorful syrah with great purity and poise.
Rich golden color. Lush aromas and flavors of peach cake, apricot creme brulee honeyed nuts and golden raisin with a satiny, sweet medium-full body and a long vanilla cream, apple pie and golden molasses finish. Absolutely delicious, pristinely clean, and seamlessly balanced.
Deep old gold color. Aromas of golden raisin, buttery nut brittle, rich spicy chutney, and sassafras with a vibrant, fruity sweet medium-full body and a long, tangy, honeyed peach and citrus finish. Delicious and rich?impressive.
Ruby color. Attractively vibrant aromas and flavors of sour cherries, mulberries, cedar and sundried tomatoes with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, peppercorn, Asian spice, and sandalwood incense nuanced finish. A distinctively flavorful and vibrant pinot that is certain to please. A phenomenal choice for Beijing duck.
Very perfumed nose of violets, tree bark and cassis. Lively flavors follow with a grippy youthful finish. Very flavorful and balanced.
Deep garnet color. Aromas and flavors of berry pie, vanilla custard, buttery spiced nuts, and peppercorn with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, graceful, chewy tannin finish. A delicious, vibrant, and structured cabernet for all occasions.
Violet black color. Brooding aromas of cassis pie, toffee and Asian spices with satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long seamless, fine tannin finish. A superb table wine that will shine with file mignon.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of boysenberry chutney, caramelized nuts, and eucalyptus with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, spiced cherry and mineral accented finish. A deliciously flavorful and classy syrah for sipping or the finest cut of prime rib.
Rich aromas and flavors of apple pie, coconut, and dried pineapple with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, tangy honeycrisp apple and creamy vanilla finish. This is classic Sonoma chardonnay with great style and balance.
Golden straw color. Meshed aromas and flavors of baked lemons and apples and praline with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, tropical citrus, vanilla and spice nuanced finish. Delicious with fantastic acidity and table appeal.
Expressive aromas of apricot tart, fruit salad, coconut, and white blossoms with a silky fruity light-to-medium body and a long, rich, and tangy orange sorbet and honeydew accented finish. A delicious and balanced off-dry moscato that is a sheer pleasure to drink. Impressive!
Dark garnet violet color. Savory aromas suggest waxy honeycomb, olive, and pickled beets and berries with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium body and a concentrated dried berry, barnyard fence, and overripe fallen apple accented finish. A great blend of fruit and funky Old World rusticity. Pair with rabbit and turkey leg.
Deep garnet color. Jazzy aromas of dried cherry, toffee, vanilla with supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a lavish, nut, berry and baking spice driven finish. A delicious and lush pinot noir with great fruit and style.
Garnet color. Aromas of berry pie and chocolate toffee with a silky fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, cherry-orange compote and creamy walnut and mocha gelato accented finish. A rich and decadent pinot with great fruit and structure.
Deep garnet color. Captivating aromas of exotic spices, berry compote and chocolate toffee with with a satiny fruity medium-to-full body and juicy cranberry and mocha gelato, spice and praline finish. An absolutely delicious and nuanced fruity Barbera that is one of best domestic examples of the grape and an unbelievable value.
Rich aromas of mocha, peppercorn, and baked apples and cherries with a satiny, fruity, medium-full body and a very long and concentrated finish with notes of apricot, honey, and caramelized nuts. Powerfully delicious.
Golden straw color. Aromas of waxy honeycomb, peach skin, and apple with a crisp, fruity sweet medium body long, electric, honeyed apricot and lemon-lime curd finish with a touch of smoky minerality and fruit tannins to balance the sweetness. Fantastic.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of vanilla cream, root beer, toasty toffee, and plum pie with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, mocha, nut, and baking spice driven finish with finely polished tannins. Rich, concentrated, and refined.
Fat aromas of baked peaches and papaya creme brulee with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long, golden raisin, dried apricot, earth and oil accented finish. A nicely balanced, deeply delicious dessert wine.
Golden silver. Attractive aromas of tropical fruit custard tart with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy pear, peach and sweet cream driven finish. A delicious and voluptuous viognier.
Dark garnet color. Deep nose of honeycomb, creme brulee, berry compote and spice with a rich, chewy fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a concentrated olive and cedar accented finish with fine tannins. A superb, very serious malbec.
Garnet charcoal color. Aromas of olive, leather, honeyed apricot, and craisin with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, savory, highly polished finish. A delicious and appetizing Rioja that will shine with lamb or bison.
Clear with a very faint nickel straw cast. Aromas of pineapple yogurt, rice, and Asian pear with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and along, vanilla nut brittle, apple, papaya-coconut custard, peppery radish, and grassy earth finish. A rich, complex and nuanced sake of the highest order.
Dusty ruby color. Complex, savory aromas of olive tapenade, grilled peppers, honeycomb, vanilla biscuit, and mulberries with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, sumptuous cassis pie, spice, Belgian chocolate, and earth driven finish. A fantastically rich and rewarding cabernet that will triumph with the finest steaks.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of mixed berry compotes, olive, chocolate and leather with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, seamless, vanilla bean and fine tannin finish. Artfully crafted and elegantly styled cabernet for the table.
Garnet black color. Aromas and flavors of olive, leather, clay, vanilla yogurt nuts, and dried berries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering, eucalyptus and sunchoke accented finish. Deliciously herbal and savor; will be great with prime rib or game.
Violet black color. Complex aromas of chocolate, nuts, olives, peppers, and spicy currant pie with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body a long, graceful rhubarb yogurt, sandalwood, and earth nuanced finish. A very classy, highly structured cabernet.
Deep purple color. Aromas of spicy black raspberry pie, clay, sandalwood, and vanilla cream with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, herb, cocoa and sweet grass accented finish. A great choice for prime rib, veal chops and marinated pork tenderloins.
Deep garnet black color. Complex aromas of dried cherries, vanilla yogurt nuts, pickled beets, leather and spice with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, lightly smoky cedar and earthy, superfine tannin finish. A great table wine or sipper.
Bright ruby color. Toasty aromas of toffee and berry pie with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, chewy dried cherry, smoked peppercorn, spice, and roasted nut finish. A deliciously balanced and richly flavorful pinot for all occasions.
Garnet color. Bright aromas of raspberries, pencil shavings, spice, and pickled okra with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy dried Montmorency cherry and earth driven finish with chewy tannins. A captivating, mouthwatering and delicious zin that hits all the right notes.
Creamy dark brown color. Bright aromas of chocolate graham crackers and creme brulee with a satiny, sweet medium body and a long, delicately spicy, caramel and honeyed berry nuanced finish. A delicious chocolate cream liqueur-like 'wine' that will definitely appeal to fans of Bailey's Cream Liqueur, which tastes very similar.
Opaque garnet violet color. Layered aromas of pomegranate chutney, dried blueberries and sour cherries, and mild Asian spices with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, chewy, juicy, ripe fruit and white chocolate toffee driven finish with velvety tannins. A superb sipper or table wine that will be great with spicy lamb.
Opaque violet color. Dense and rather outrageous aromas of mulberry pie and beefy pot roast (with carrots and roasted potatoes!) with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, vanilla pudding, Asian spice, menthol, and chocolate mint nuanced finish. Quite unlike any other zin we've tasted, but somehow this exotica all comes together and is utterly fascinating. Serve with Asian beef and Indian goat dishes.
Dark ruby black color. Complex aromas of espresso bean, olive, cocoa, nuts and dried fruits with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and tangy, layered finish with notes of vanilla and delicate baking spices with seamless tannins. A wonderful robust marriage of fruit and oak.
Golden silver color with a fine mousse rim. Aromas of apricot marmalade, golden raisin, gherkin and faint petrolly minerals with a tangy, fruity sweet medium body and a long, acacia honey and mineral nuanced finish. Very rich and stylish.
Golden color. Interesting aromas of baked apple, toasted lemon scone, and seared back bacon with supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, baked pineapple, praline, vanilla, and spice accented finish. Great flavor and complexity.
Golden color. Rich aromas and flavors of smoked nuts, grilled pineapple and apple, and herb biscuit with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, savory, and concentrated pickling spice and exotic citrus accented finish. A great oak-accented table wine that will be fun to pair with.
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic ®, Certifed Organic, Organically Grown Grapes 
Deep ruby black color. Expressive aromas of spicy cherry chutney and vinaigrette, toffee, leather, and honeycomb with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a rich, dried blueberry, anise, earth, blossoms, and mocha custard accented finish with fine, elegant tannins. Great concentration, complexity and style.
Aromas of macadamia oatmeal cookie, spicy zucchini bread, and vanilla cream with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a layered, banana custard, jicama, salted whole nut, apple, and radish nuanced finish. A Wonderfully vibrant and flavorful sake.
Lively aromas and flavors of creamy nougat and pear skin with a zesty fruity-yet-dry medium body and a chewy sweet potato, fennel bulb, vanilla yogurt nut, paprika, radish and grassy earth accented finish. Tasty and very food friendly with white wine (rousanne) like structure and tannins.
Aromas of vanilla cola, nut brittle, and marinated peppers and mushroom with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a spicy, sweet cream, coconut meat, radish, pepper and mineral finish. Nice combination of sweet and savory elements.
Golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of date-orange bread, honeysuckle, and honeyed grilled pear with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, tropical citrus finish. Nice complexity and structure for sipping or the table.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Light gold to polished brass. Aromas of golden pineapple, mango and sweet papaya with stoney minerality and honeyed raisins. Sweet and honeyed with lip smacking acidity. Minerality comes thru the palate adding a refreshing complexity. Golden pineapple and lemon flavors mingle with dried honey, dried flowers and peach pit. Long, complex and balanced finish.
Dark garnet violet black color. Elegant aromas and flavors of creamy chocolate, pistachio nougat, cassis pie, and clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful, nutty, peppery spice, vanilla cream, and earth accented finish. Very pure, balanced, and nicely restrained fruit and oak.
Garnet color. Aromas and flavors of roasted nuts, dark chocolate, and baked cherries and beets with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, plush vanilla and pepper kissed finish. A pure, flavorful, and elegant pinot for sipping or the table.
Bright golden yellow color. Aromas of golden raisin cake, dried apricot, and creamy tapioca with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long, pineapple chutney and honeyed lychee accented finish. A rich, delicious dessert wine.
Opaque with a deep purple rim and stained legs. Aromas of black cherry, crushed raspberry, chewy plums, cardamom, eucalyptus and fruit cake. Moderate tannins balance with chewy cherry, crushed boysenberry and dried strawberries along with a hint of candied violet.
Opaque with a ruby red rim and red stained legs. Aromas of black raspberry, wild strawberry, cherry compote and vanilla bean. Soft and round with vanilla framed cherry berry flavors. Soft and voluptuous finish. Plenty of soft, fleshy fruit. Hint of roast brisket savoriness on the mid-palate and finish.
Deep garnet black color. Intricate aromas of cassis compote, singed wood, baker's chocolate, and black olives with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a plum skin, fall leaves, and dusty tannins finish. A lovely, Old World styled table wine with elegance, complexity, and class.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of menthol tobacco, clay, black currant, olive, beeswax,and carob with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, savory roasted pepper, honey, and nut accented finish. Fantastically flavorful and balanced.
Deep violet black color. Aromas and flavors of spicy dried cherries and apples, mocha, maple smoked bacon, and spicy gherkin with satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, oak tannin accented finish. A delightful, flavorful petit verdot that will be sensation with spicy red meat dishes.
Pale golden color. Aromas of lemon curd, toasty apple tart, and honeycomb with a silky, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy caramelized pineapple accented finish. Great purity, precision, and varietal character.
Golden straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of green apples, honey, and vanilla cream with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a crisp Meyer lemon and mineral accented finish with great acidity and structure for the table, especially seafood. Drinks like a great Chablis from a warmer vintage.
Pale platinum straw color. Floral aromas suggest pears in sauce, peaches in cream, and banana blossoms with a silky, fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy lime sorbet finish. Very refreshing and satisfying.
Ruby color. Aromas of herbs, cocoa, almond torte, and sugared cherries with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty cherry-cranberry sorbet, pickled beet, and a chocolate mint finish. A delicious, zesty zin for sipping and especially the table.
Luminous pink-fuchsia color with a platinum cast. Floral aromas of orange blossom honey on ripe cherries and huckleberries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy blood orange, melon, and delicate spice finish. An impressive adult rose for sipping, seafood, or chicken pesto.
 Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
Ruby color. Aromas of cherry preserves, watermelon ice, and nut brittle with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy, mouthwatering glazed citrus and pickled beet finish. Delicious and vibrant pinot for sipping or the table.
Dark garnet violet color. Aromas of dried cherries and custard pie with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, wonderfully balanced and tangy, cedar accented finish. A superb zinfandel for all occasions.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate graham crackers and raspberry custard tart with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and long, spicy blueberry cobbler, mineral, and nut finish. A delicious and robustly balanced example of what Amador zin is all about.
 Certified Organic 
Bright violet garnet color. Aromas of cranberry chutney, white potpourri, and raspberry sorbet with a spritzy, sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy tangerine marmalade accented, spiced golden raisin, suede, almond, and dried apricot finish. Great purity and depth of flavor.
Pale golden yellow color. Floral aromas of peony, lychee, and peach with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a finely balanced citrus, apple, and earth accented finish. Superb, flavor, balance and sense of place; a benchmark gewurztraminer.
Golden color. Bright aromas of apples, nougat, and lemon curd with a crisp fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a lovely tropical citrus, delicate spice, and lightly smoky mineral finish. A fantastically rich and flavorful riesling for all occasions.
Lustrous old gold color. Classic aromas and flavors of honeyed dried peaches and golden raisin compote with a satiny, sweet medium-full body and a long, resonant, flinty mineral accented finish. A fantastically balanced and flavorful TBA.
Rich old gold color. Aromas and flavors of apricot compote, golden raisin, and honey with a supple, fruity sweet medium-full body and a long, tangy finish. Delicious and stylish.
Ruby black color. Dense aromas and flavors of dried flowers, orange blossom honey, and cherry custard with a satiny fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long, sweet spice and raisin accented finish. A delicious after dinner treat that will go great with blue cheeses.
Dusty brick red-orange color. Aromas of garden soil, charred berries and nuts and dried fruits with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a zesty grilled citrus, edible flower, and dusty nut finish with chewy, earthy tannins. A spot on Barolo that is drinking very well now and will continue to develop.
Clear with a pale nickel straw cast. Aromas of Asian pear, cream, cashew nougat, and water chestnut with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a honeydew sorbet, radish, bamboo, and peppered nut finish. A robust interplay of fruit and savory notes make this a great choice for sipping or the table.
Pale golden color. Aromas of honeycomb, nectarine, and honeysuckle with a crisp, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy peach, lime sorbet, and mineral finish. A delicious, balanced, textbook moscato d'Asti wine.
Dark garnet color. Refined aromas of cassis, vanilla nuts, eucalyptus, and delicate spices with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chocolate mint, menthol tobacco, nut, and earth nuanced finish. A delicious and elegant wine for the table.
Clear platinum color. Mellow aromas of rice pudding, Asian pear, geranium, and anise cookie with a silky, fruity light-to-medium body and a warming, interesting, medium-long, pineapple custard, melon sorbet, mineral, and dried pineapple finish. A superbly flavorful and complex sake that demands attention.
Opaque violet black color. Inviting aromas of dried berries, chocolate orange peels, dried flowers, and vanilla with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, long, baking spices, cedar, and earth finish with firm tannins. A bold, flavor packed cabernet.
Violet opaque color. Lively aromas of cherry, black currant, boysenberry, and vanilla with a tannic, full body and a warming, very complex, long, black currant, blackberry, dark soil, and cigar box finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Hits all the classic Howell Mountain Cabernet notes with balance and finesse.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of golden raisins, dried peaches, and honeycomb with a velvety, fruity sweet medium body and a tingling, interesting, long, fuel-like minerals, spiced nuts, apricot custard, and toasted herbs finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A delicious and stylish dessert wine with great balance.
Violet color. Aromas of black currant, pencil lead, black raspberry, and cigar box with a velvety, dry full body and a warming, complex, very long, black raspberry, dried plums, bacon fat, and cherry cola finish with medium tannins and heavy oak. Throw this in a blind tasting with a cult California Cab, an Aussie Bordeaux Blend and a Classified Bordeaux and it's coming at 'em swinging.
Ruby color. Attractive fruity aromas and flavors of chocolate covered berries, peach cobbler, and sweet cream with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, appealing, medium-long finish with notes of nut skin, mineral, dark chocolate mint, and oak with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A toothsome and finely balanced wine that is a pleasure to drink.
Blue violet opaque ruby color. Savory aromas and flavors of spiced black currants, saddle leather, and pepper with a lightly tannic, bright, dry-yet-fruity full body and a peppery, prodigious medium-long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A rich, balanced, restrained yet spicy red from the Clare Valley.
Golden silver color. Aromas and flavors of honeydew, apple blossom, pineapple, and peach with a crisp, effervescent, sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting breezy finish with no tannins and no oak. Simply yummy for when you want to enjoy bubbles and fruit and not have to swirl and pontificate.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered peaches and cherries, almond nougat, and macaroon with a satiny, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, delightful, medium-long finish with suggestions of nuts, minerals, and raspberry jam on toast with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious, full throttled zin with surprising nuances and delicacy.
Ruby color. Delicate aromas and flavors of chocolate, prunes, and fruit leather with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a warming, charming, medium-length finish with shades of raspberry, vanilla, and nougat with silky tannins. A spot on, rich, juicy zin.
Opaque garnet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of cassis pie a la mode, honey cream, nougat, and dried cherry with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, engaging, long finish with impressions of nuts, vanilla, and sweet and peppery spices with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A delicious and seamless Napa cabernet that is sure to please.
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
gold color. Aromas of spiced pineapples and apples, gherkins, buttercream, and lilac water with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a vanilla hazelnut bark, cedar, and mineral accented finish. A nice range of attractive flavors.
Violet black color. Aromas of chocolate espresso bean, dark roasted pecans and raspberry pie with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a nice, delicately floral, citrus and melon sorbets, and spice finish with precise tannins. Very delicious, vibrant, and mouthwatering.
Deep ruby black color. Rich aromas and flavors of olive, pickle, cassis, lit menthol tobacco, and chocolate with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a concentrated, tangy, toasty cedar, mocha, eucalyptus, and nut accented finish with fine tannins. Delicious and super table friendly.
Interesting aromas of Black Forest Cake, incense, marinated meat and garlic pickle with a vibrant, fruity medium-full body and a tangy, spiced cherry and berry, toffee and citrus marmalade accented finish. A deliciously racy wine for sipping or the table.
Bright orange amber color. Robust aromas of peach marmalade, nut brittle and suede with a rich, fruity sweet full body and a long, generous, mouthwatering citrus and spice accented finish. Wonderfully delicious.
Aromas of spiced chocolate, dried berries, celery, suede and clay with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshing uplifted finish. Great purity and finesse.
Amber orange color. Aromas of butter sautéed almonds, dried peach, raisin and suede with a tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a long honeyed prune custard and praline finish. A delicious, complex and cream-meets-amontillado-sherry-like dessert wine.
Silver salmon pink color. Rich strawberry custard tart aromas with a vibrant, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, toasty creme brulee and Meyer lemon finish. Superb purity and vibrancy with a delicious frame.
Deep garnet black color. Intricate aromas of spicy pickle, dark toasted fruit cake, beeswax, toffee, and peppery spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, spiced apple, nuts, candied citrus and cherry accented finish. Elegant and refreshing for sipping or the table.
Soft aromas of wet slate and nectarine souffle with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a melon, white strawberry, kiwi, and slate finish. Chiseled, taut and a super choice for the table.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Beautiful golden amber color. Lush golden raisin, buttery peach compote, and delicate slightly medicinal herb and spice aromas with a satiny, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long, apricot-pineapple marmalade, praline and warm honey finish. A wonderful dessert wine that is the furthest thing from cloying or too sweet.
Deep golden amber color. Rich aromas and flavors of honey butter, dried apricot and golden raisins with a fruity sweet and tangy medium body and a lively apple and orange finish. Superb; serve with pear almond tart.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Deep garnet color. Aromas of cocoa dusted nougat, peach-berry pie crust and orange-ginger marmalade with a silky, fruity medium-full body and a bright, red and black berry and Asian spiced nut finish. Superb vibrancy and flavor.
Garnet black color. Exotic aromas of grilled peppers, aloe, cassis, peppercorns, pewter, and dried meat with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful kiwi, cedar, cocoa, and pickling spice nuanced finish. Uniquely flavorful and rich.
Garnet. Aromas and flavors of cassis, milk chocolate, pickling spice and pencil shavings with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, plush plum and peppery spice accented finish. Rich and delicious.
Garnet color. Lush aromas of mocha cream, raspberry pie a la mode, and toffee with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, resonant apple and pencil shaving accented finish. A delicious, well-crafted cabernet for all occasions.
Deep garnet purple color. Aromas of chocolate malt, vanilla, berry pie, and toffee with a supple dryish medium-to-full and a craisin, pencil shaving, baked apple, brown spice, and earth with chewy tannins. Very nicely balanced and elegant.
Chocolate graham cracker, spicy cassis jam, and honeycomb aromas with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a creme brulee, boysenberry gelato, walnut and baking spice finish. Delicious, mouthwatering and versatile.
Deep ruby black color. Interesting aromas of chocolate rice crispy, singed herbs, blackberry gelato, and grilled pineapples with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering finish with a notes of oak spice, cherry, and earth. Great complexity, flavor, and vibrancy.
Dark purple color. Toffee, roasted carrot, black pepper, ginger-cassis marmalade, and clay aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, elegant and poised berry, cocoa, gherkin and cedar driven finish with chewy tannins. Classy and complex.
Garnet color. Sumptuous aromas of chocolate prunes, black raspberry chutney, and sandalwood with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a tangy, straw, cedar, and mineral accented finish. Superb vibrancy and complexity.
Aromas of cocoa powder, prunes, blossoms, and delicate spices with a supple, dryish medium body and a vibrant, craisin and dried citrus accented finish. A zesty utility knife at the table.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of cherries, berries, cedar, and cracked peppercorns with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, robust sour cherry, spice and cedar mulch driven finish. An exceptionally vibrant and satisfying red wine.
Pale silvery straw color. Perfumed aromas of potpourri, candied lemon, herbal lotion, and honeycomb with a silky, fruity sweet medium body and a long, honeyed, caramelized citrus and lilac finish. Rich and delicious.
Ripe guava and grapefruit aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a rich honeyed Meyer lemon and ruby grapefruit finish. Sensational varietal character and mouthwatering style; try with fajitas.
Rich aromas and flavors of guava, grapefruit and green pepper with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a snappy wheatgrass and pepper accented finish. Delicious, vibrant, and varietally on the money.
Rich aromas of melted toffee and toasty cherry cobbler with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a chewy, roasted marinated tomato, apple, spice and straw nuanced finish. A very table friendly offering.
Layered aromas of spiced strawberries and cherries, honeyed golden raisins, and sweet baking spices with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy chocolate, tomato skin, spice, mint, and earth accented finish. Great balance of fruit, oak and sense of place.
Garnet color with violet rim. Aromas of sour cherries, pickling spices, herbs, and chocolate milk with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, chewy cherry-berry chutney, cedar, and mineral finish.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of baked berries, Indian spiced chocolate, and vanilla with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, tomato, nut and grassy herb accented finish. A very nice table wine with gravitas.
Pale golden straw color. Nicely meshed aromas of ripe banana, melon, nectarine and nougat with a silky, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a graceful citrus, green apple, and mineral accented finish. A spot-on pinot gris with everything in it's place.
Aromas of choke cherry butter, chocolate mousse, and praline with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a rich, raspberry, craisin and clay accented finish. Stylish and flavorful.
Bright aromas and flavors of raspberry, chocolate, creme brulee, and spice with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, juicy toffee and pepper accented finish. A pure, pleasure producing primitivo.
Aromas and flavors of toffee, honey, and buttery boysenberry tart with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a tangy, warming spiced apple, black cherry, brown spice and earth finish. A delightfully vibrant and mouthwatering zin that twill shine at the table.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas and flavors of herbal cherry cough drop, eucalyptus oil, roasted nuts, and faint peppered jerky with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a peppery, cedar and dusty earth finish. A big powerful zin.
Aromas of berry compote, chocolate, nougat, and crayon with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, craisin, nut and peppery spice accented finish. A rich mouthwatering table zin that will be great with a wide range of meats.
Milk chocolate, almond nougat, meringue and dried berry aromas with and flavors with a chewy, firm tannin, peppercorn and earth finish. A spot, table tuned, on petite sirah with great purity, structure and depth.
Aromas of boysenberries, spiced nuts, and cocoa with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, honeyed citrus, nectarine, birch bark, raisin and mineral finish with chewy tannins. An excellent zesty and concentrated table red.
Aromas and flavors of peaches in cream and kiwi-lime marmalade with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a nicely balanced caramel apple and mineral accented finish. A very nice sipper or table wine.
Fruity and floral honeysuckle and honeyed apricot aromas with a soft, oily dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a very pure crunchy ripe peach and cream, melon and mineral finish. A very effusive and Condrieu-like domestic viognier with great varietal character.
Brilliant amber color. Spicy baked apple aromas with satiny fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a lush, buttery caramel apple tart and cider finish. Delicious, pure and balanced; will be great with triple cream cheeses.
Amber color. Rich golden raisin chutney, peach pie, and apple sauce with a glycerous fruity sweet full body and a long, tangy rich, honeyed raisin, citrus and nut finish. Sumptuous.
 Certified Organic 
Bright aromas of olive, roasted pepper, dried cherries and currants and leather with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tart, earth finish. Lovely flavors and sense of place.
Garnet black with a red brick rim. Aromas and flavors of cassis jam, menthol tobacco, chocolate graham cracker and eucalyptus with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a lively, chewy, baked apple, nut and dusty earth accented finish.
 Kosher
Ruby black color. Aromas of toasty, creamy coconut, berry compote, tomato and peppery spice with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, cranberry, whole nut, and dusty earth finish. A nice, old, old school, Old World style Rioja with a great sense of place.
Pale golden color. Bright honeyed peach, apple, and almond aromas with a silky, fruity medium body and a plush, juicy ripe citrus and apple sauce finish. A deliciously appetizing off-dry riesling that hits all the high notes.
Garnet color. Layered aromas of cassis, chocolate, praline, and marinated peppers with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, and pure berry, vanilla, spice and nut finish with delicate tannins. Artfully crafted with lots of Bordeaux-like nuances.
Aromas of olive, leather, honeycomb, roasted peppers, and currant pastry with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy black raspberry and spice driven finish. A vibrant, flavorful Old World styled cab that will be a star at the table.
 Demeter Certified Grown Grapes-Organically Grown Grapes 
Rich malt chocolate cherry, meringue, white pepper, and creme brulee aromas and flavors with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, zesty, smoked nut, baked apple, and earth accented finish. A delicious mouthwatering cab for all occasions.
Deep purple color. Mocha gelato, buttery praline, and spicy blueberry pie crust with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a concentrated chocolate raspberry, pencil shaving, and fine, earthy tannin finish. A zesty flavorful Malbec that will be great with Latin beef dishes.
Vibrant purple color. Bold aromas and flavors of spiced cherry custard pastry and chocolate-violet gelato with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a lush, tangy black raspberry, clay, and cedar finish with chewy tannins. A superbly flavorful Malbec.
Deep garner black color. Aromas and flavors of roasted pepper, cassis pie, floral honeycomb, and dill pickle with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a plush creamy vanilla and chocolate accented finish with seamless acidity and tannins. A flavorful artfully crafted red blend that will shine at the table.
Deep ruby color. Dark roasted coffee, artisan chocolate, and berry pie aromas and flavors with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, savory, salty roasted nut and earth finish with plush, integrated tannins. An elegant table for aged steaks.
Deep garnet black color. Bright complex aromas and flavors of banana meringue pie, dried currant, apple, olive, sandalwood and leather with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a long, earthy finish. A great steak wine.
Ruby black color. Layered aromas of dried cherries and berries, cedar, leather, spice and eucalyptus with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy, grilled apple, sandalwood incense and mineral finish. Serious Old World claret structure and finesse.
Deep garnet black color. Layered aromas of beeswax, black olive, craisin, spiced nut and peppered jerky with a supple dryish medium-to-full body tangy, dusty mineral and spice driven finish. A fantastic food wine.
Rich layered aromas of black cherry, honey taffy, tomato, and spice with a fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, dried fruit, apple sauce, and baking spice driven finish. A rich flavored, lushly textured pinot for sipping or try with veal piccata.
Deep golden color. Honey, maple and creme brulee on the attack lead to dried apricots, golden pineapple, grilled banana and mango on the nose. Palate is rich and broad with ripe, decadent fruit, sweet but well balanced with lemon curd and sweet Meyer lemon acidity, yuzu and caramel. Finish continues to unfold and develop with honeyed fruits and ginger spice. So much going on and such finesse despite it richness. WOW!
Garnet color. Aromas of dark raspberries, exotic spices and cherries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a round, tangy craisin, dried apple and dusty earth accented finish. Excellent complexity and lush tannins.
Purple garnet color. Bright raspberry and cherry compote aromas with a silky fruity sweet medium body and a very long, tangy citrus marmalade and spice finish. A delicious, zesty and mouthwatering dessert wine.
Bright golden color. Aromas of sautéed nuts, suede, raisins, and peach cider with a lightly frizzante fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy, lingering, sweet citrus sorbet and apricot finish. Great zesty fruitiness. Pair with ice cream
Garnet purple color. Aromas of spice cherry, peach and berry chutney with a tangy fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a sweet apple sauce and praline accented finish. A delicious sweet red for all kinds of desserts and cheeses.
Layered aromas of dried currants, spiced toffee, mocha, and dried meat with silky dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a superbly balanced jammy cherry, spiced apple, and earth accented finish. A delicious sipper or pair with a grilled pork or beef brisket.
Depth garnet black color. Aromas of honeyed dried currant and blueberry tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a crisp, tangy red apple and baking spice accented finish. A fruity, elegantly styled cabernet for all occasions.
Rich earthy mineral, dried apricot and waxy honeycomb aromas with silky fruity medium body and a tangy nectarine skin and apple accented finish. Fantastic flavor intensity and purity.
Lush pineapple cake and coconut buttercream aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy spiced apple, toasty toffee and orange chiffon finish. A delicious textbook example of well oaked California chardonnay. Pair with a glass!
Roasted black cherry, blackberry, vanilla, red licorice, black raspberry, Kalamata olives, cedar and Coffee grounds lead to a massive mid-palate with a complex potpourri of dark fruits and earthiness. Tannins are well-integrated, acidity moderate and a finish medium long and balanced.
Aromas of floral honey and apple-peach pie with a fruity medium body and a tangy orange-melon sorbet and mineral accented finish. A very tasty off-dry white that will pair beautifully with Thai or Vietnamese food.
Really dark and opaque brown red color. Aromas of sautéed nuts, spicy berry chutney, creamy chocolate, clay-like earth and pepper with a supple, fruity sweet medium-full body and a tangy, citrus marmalade, cocoa and spice finish. Great complexity and vibrancy?not unlike a fine tawny port.
Rich spice box, grape leaf, blueberry-rhubarb pie, toffee, and sandalwood aromas with a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and tomato on the vine, spiced pear, and earth accented finish. A very classy and lively, savory red that will shine as a sipper or pair with prime rib.
Red raspberries, wild mushrooms, rose petals, wild strawberries, ruby red grapefruit zest, cherry compote and toasted baking spices lead to a dense palate that is remarkably silky and spry given the depth of complexity and length of finish. The luxurious tannins and well-integrated acidity balance everything together beautifully. Remarkable finesse at this price point.
Garnet color. Rich cocoa dusted berries, dill pickle and dried currants with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, lime marmalade accented finish. A deliciously ripe and mouthwatering zin for sipping or pair with gourmet meatballs.
Violet black color. Aromas of chocolate yogurt, peppery spices and herbs, and dried berries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, layered and tangy, grilled tomato, nut and earth accented finish. Nice claret-like complexity and depth; will be great with steaks.
Aromas of melted chocolate on espresso beans and nuts and berry pie with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, highly polished finish with zesty grilled cranberry notes and chewy tannins playing together nicely. Pair with steak au poivre or lamb tagine.
Pale golden yellow color. Aromas of peach and apple nut tarts and lemon yogurt with a tangy, highly effervescent medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering citrus, mineral and delicate spice finish. A lush Champagne-like sparkler that will be great with...everything!
Garnet black color. Complex aromas of black olive, leather, clay, and chocolate currant with a velvety dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long, burnished cassis, chocolate nut, herb, and earth driven finish. Excellent sense of style and balance.
Garnet black with a red brick rim. Aromas of olive, sautéed pepper, clay, cedar, and dried berries with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tart craisin, spice and earth finish with fine chewy tannins. A lovely mature cabernet to savor with an aged porterhouse steak.
Garnet purple color. Aromas of raspberries, sour cherries, and chocolate mousse with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a chewy spiced cherry and craisin finish with dusty tannins. A robust, concentrated mourvedre that will be great with duck and mutton.
Pale golden green color. Honeyed peach, baked apple and pineapple, beeswax and spice aromas and flavors with a plush fruity, medium-to-full body and a tangy, dried apricot and vanilla cream finish. Lovely flavor, texture and vibrancy.
Pretty deep amber color. Concentrated aromas of dried peaches and apples, hazelnut brittle, and rye cracker with a supple, fruity-sweet medium-full body and a interesting savory herbal raisin twist on the finish. Fun and flavorful.
Purple color. Layered aromas of toffee, grilled pepper, dried currant and peppery spice with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mouthwatering, chocolate covered citrus peel and berry finish with plush tannins. A very classy red to serve with the finest cuts of beef.
Very fruity aromas of tropical citrus, dried flowers, and nutmeg custard with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, fruit and spice driven finish with great intensity. A great fruity reserve style gruner that is sure to please.
Smoky mineral, white peppercorn, and char-grilled fruit aromas with a very crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a melon, grass, and Meyer lemon driven finish. A vibrant racy, textbook example of gruner.
Aromas of toasted coconut, pepper and papaya mango relish with a silky tangy medium-to-full body and a nice medley of spices, herbs and zesty kiwi and apple notes. A vibrant reserve style that will be great with Latin fish dishes.
Bright golden color. Earthy aromas of lightly smoky minerals, herbs, and baked lemons and nectarines with a silky dryish medium-to-full body and passionfruit and grilled lime accented finish. Great dry style and vibrancy of varietal flavor.
Bright golden color. Aromas of toasty hazelnut brittle, pineapple cake, and stewed apples with a fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, creme brulee and spice accented finish. A rich, fruity oak-influenced late harvest styled riesling that is sure to please.
Interesting aromas of creamy nougat, passionfruit, guava, and Asian spices with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, pineapple and lemon accented finish. A zesty chardonnay that is a great foil for spicy shrimp and pasta dishes.
Bright lychee and rose aromas with a satiny dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, spicy peach chutney, honeyed apple, and earth finish. Very flavorful and balanced; pair with Thai food or sip 'til your heart's content.
Pale golden silver color. Aromas of ripe yellow apples and pineapple cake with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, kiwi, guava lime and praline accented finish. Very tasty and appetizing; pair with spicy grilled shrimp dishes.
Deep garnet black color. Rich aromas of chocolate cherry tart, menthol-mint tobacco and herbs and spices with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy nut, creamy vanilla, and wood spice accented finish. A brooding age-worthy pinot.
Garnet color. Vibrant huckleberry pie, chocolate mousse, menthol-mint, and vanilla aromas and flavors with a fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a savory sautéed root vegetable, spice, herb, and cedar nuanced finish. A flashy and delicious syrah for sipping or the table.
Milk light brown color. Attractive aromas of soft caramel candies, nut brittle, and rice krispy treats with a satiny smooth moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a delicate spiced nut, fresh creamy meringue, and chocolate cherry accented finish. Delicious, pure, and balanced chocolate and cream flavors.
Bright golden straw color. Inviting aromas and flavors of peach cobbler, honeydew, and apple sauce with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, tangy, lemon curd and nut accented finish. A delicious and balanced pinot grigio.
Deep garnet color. Dense aromas of cassis pie, cocoa, vanilla custard, and baking spices with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, layered finish with savory root vegetable, herbs, tomato, sandalwood incense and spiced nut notes lingering through fine tannins. A wonderful example of Alexander Valley cabernet.
Violet black color. Rich aromas of blackberry brandy, toffee, smoked ham, and toasted coconut with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a layered, blackberry creme brulee, pistachio nougat, and baking spices accented finish with chewy tannins. A seamless, meaty red for all occasions; will be sensational with ham.
Ruby black color. Aromas of candle wax, olive, roasted pepper and dried cherry with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy pomegranate tart, spiced nut, and mineral accented finish with chewy, fine tannins. A very nicely styled, food-friendly cabernet that is drinking beautifully now.
Aromas of berry custard, mocha, clay and floral honeycomb with a tangy dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy peppery spice, sour cherry, and roasted nut accented finish. A zesty syrah that is will be a great foil for Mediterranean lamb dishes.
Golden yellow color. Fruity aromas of peach custard and lemon meringue pies with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and juicy, honeyed stone and citrus fruits, mint, and Asian spice accented finish. A delicious and intense dessert wine that will be great with cheese, especially triple creams.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of roasted espresso beans, dark chocolate, cranberry, clay, and tomato on the vine with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, dusty, forest floor accented finish with fine tannins. A wonderfully structured Old World styled red blend for the table; pair with veal or lamb chops.
Pale golden straw color. Aromas of honeyed apple and pear with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, refreshing Meyer lemon kissed finish. A delicious, balanced and table friendly sipper with great varietal character.
Golden yellow wine. Lively aromas and flavors of passionfruit, smoky grilled peach and honeyed guava are very attractive with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, mouthwatering yellow apple accented finish. Delicious with unique varietal character and minerality. Pair with pork roasts.
Dark garnet violet color. Rich aromas of black raspberry, pencil shavings, peppercorn, and roasted tomatoes and beets with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, nut, sandalwood and baking spice nuanced finish. A rich powerfully syrah that will be great with bison or elk.
Deep garnet violet color. Exotic aromas of eucalyptus, black olive, menthol and chocolate blueberry with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless cocoa and spicy roasted nut nuanced finish with chewy tannins. A decadently delicious and distinctive syrah.
Aromas of creme brulee, leather and blueberry tart with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a chewy, apple pie, pepper and spice nuanced finish. Very tasty and sure to be a winner at the table. Pair with spicy pork loins.
Garnet black color. Aromas of mocha custard and berry tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a gentle, dried cherry, rhubarb, and earth accented finish. A very nicely composed and elegant cabernet franc with great varietal character.
Garnet color. Berry custard and nougat aromas and flavors with a supple, fruity medium body and a tangy, very well integrated finish. Very elegant.
Dark garnet color. Aromas of salted caramel, chocolate berries, pecan pie, and pink pepper with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a seamlessly smooth mocha, vanilla and mineral accented finish with extra fine tannins. Very tasty and very classy.
Candied black currants along with candied violets are the dominant scents. Later dried hay, earth and hint of cardamom. Polished flavors and silky fine tannins follow. Elegant and balanced finish.
Nice warm cedar scents lead and flavors of black currants follow with a soft texture on the full-bodied mid-palate. Ample fine tannins will allow this excellent wine to improve even more with age.
Mulberries and black currants with a light herbaceous note peaking through. Later a nice earthy 'Graves-like' profile came to mind. Easy, rich balanced flavors. Ample fine tannins bode well for this wine.
Inky violet garnet color. Dense aromas of spiced toffee, eucalyptus, and black raspberry jam with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a lively, baking spice, cedar, and mineral accented finish. A vibrant, flavorful syrah that is drinking beautifully now, but will be even better in a year or two.
Deep garnet robe with a red brick rim. Vibrant nose reminiscent of cranberries, ripe cherries, geraniums and toffee. Supple texture and earthy flavors follow and the caramel note is amplified in the aftertaste. Ample fine tannins and sprinkle of pepper. A rich, meaty pinot noir for sipping and the table.
Bold black raspberries and dried sour cherry aromas and flavors with mineral notes come on in a big way and a hint of sweet vanilla. Big flavors follow with a lightly peppered finish with chewy coating tannins. An excellent example of fruity finesse with high alcohol.
Deep straw robe with emerald cast. Attractive aromas and flavors of nougat, nectarine, Meyer lemon, and melon with a tangy, fruit-yet-dry medium body and a long, mouthwatering finish. Deliciously vibrant and elegant.
Aromas and flavors of apple tart and banana and coconut custards with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, pineapple upside down cake, creme Anglaise, and delicate spiced nut finish. A very tasty and voluptuous chardonnay for sipping or lobster rolls.
Golden color. Rich aromas of vanilla flan and pineapple-lemon pie with a silky,fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, juicy coconut-vanilla cream, toasty kiwi-lime tart, and spicy white toffee finish. A decadently delicious oak aged chardonnay that is effortlessly drinkable.
Nice nose, ripe fruit scents, mostly apples with a fresh cream back note. On the palate ripe pineapples come on. Tangy big flavors are refreshing. Youthful, creamy vanilla and spice finish.
Deep golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of toasty coconut-banana cream pie and spiced apples with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy tropical citrus, nut brittle, creme brulee, and mineral accented finish. A nicely styled chardonnay with an Old World meets New World charm.
Funky wild yeast aromas of nougat, tree bark, red licorice, black raspberries and lively taut prune and spice flavors follow. Honeyed black fruits and leather flavors and a very supple texture with a bit of air.
Pale golden color. Aromas of lemon curd on brioche with a round, very tangy medium-full body and a long, seamless finish with notes of praline, honeyed apple and lime, and earth. A charming, spot-on Champagne with great acidity and style.
Deep golden yellow color. Enticing aromas of peach pie, fig preserve, and honeyed nuts with a satiny fruity sweet full body and a long, satisfying mineral, apricot cake, and spice nuanced finish. A lovely dessert wine that is an absolute steal.
Inky amethyst black color. Aromas of berry gelato, toffee, and creamy vanilla with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, chewy spice, nut and cedar nuanced finish with balanced, chewy tannins. A very flavorful and superbly structured cabernet that is certain to please a broad range of wine drinkers.
Pale silvery golden color. Pure, floral peony, lychee, and peach aromas with a silky fruity light-to-medium body and a long tangy, spiced pear, nougat, and citrus sorbet accented finish. A very lively, stylish and well balanced moscato that seriously elevates the category.
Silvery straw color. Lightly floral and fruity aromas of ripe nectarines and green apples on the tree with a silky, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a bright, crisp lemony finish. A delicious and artfully balanced riesling for sipping or the table.
High toned aromas and flavors of gooseberries, pickled peppers,and grapefruit rind with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a zesty honeyed lime and herb driven finish. A fantastically flavorful and vibrant sauvignon blanc for all applications.
Dark ruby color. Earthy aromas of tomato on the vine, clay, roasted nut, and honeyed cranberry with supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and savory roasted root vegetable, dried cherry, and slate accented finish. A great table wine with a real European style.
Pretty garnet color with a hint of violet. Aromas of honeyed berry scone and toffee with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a elegantly balanced and richly concentrated fruit, nut, vanilla and spice nuanced finish. Deliciously satisfying.
Dark ruby garnet color. Funky aromas of savory cheese, spicy raspberry compote, fruit punch, and clay with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a floral, spiced apple, watermelon, and cherry pie finish. Lots of complexity and exotic flavors here. A marvelous sipper or pair with Peking duck.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas of clay, cocoa, and craisin with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, elegant dried cherry, vanilla, and delicate spice nuanced finish. Very stylish and tasty.
Aromas of toffee, herbs, oyster shell, and dried berries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, dried peach, peppery spice, Brazil nut and mineral driven finish. A deliciously balanced pinot for sipping or the table.
Deep garnet black color. Dense aromas of dried berries, honey dark roasted nuts, leather, orchid, herbs and spices with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, seamless, and rather meaty, peppery spice finish. Remarkably delicious and balanced.
Bold chocolate mint, eucalyptus, and berry tart aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, sour cherry, vanilla, herb and mineral accented finish. A very complex, herbal and savory pinot that will excel at the table; try with marinated pork loins.
Dark garnet black color. Aromas of blackberry-blueberry tart, minerals, peppercorn and nuts with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a pure chewy, craisin,honey and earth accented finish. A great marriage of Old World style and New World fruitiness that will shine at the table.
Aromas of mocha, vanilla, and berry tart with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a nice savory herb, spiced and roasted root vegetable accented finish with chewy fine tannins. A wonderfully flavorful, balanced and savory table wine.
Garnet color. Bright aromas of raspberry pastry and cherry gelato with a silky fruity medium body and a long tangy orange sherbet and spice cake accented finish. Very tasty and sure to please.
Aromas of raspberry custard pie, mocha, and spiced nuts with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, zesty spicy apple pie, citrus sorbet, pepper and cocoa accented finish. A vivacious and delicious zinfandel.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Deep garnet violet color. Bright raspberry, caramelized nut, and chocolate aromas with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a blueberry gelato accented finish with chewy tannins. A spot on zinfandel.
Aromas yeasty lemon scone, praline and honeycomb with a vibrant, fruity medium body and a long, scintillating, grilled peach, apple and lemon and delicately smoky, fuel-like mineral finish with laser-like acidity. A great sipper or pair with spicy shrimp fajitas.
Dark garnet black color. Aromas of berry yogurt, marinated beets, cocoa, and pepper with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a savory pickling spice, vanilla and menthol tobacco accented finish with firm brooding tannins. Give this some time, it will improve.
Ruby with a red brick rim. Aromas of dried cherries and strawberries, pickling spices, nut brittle, and whipped cream with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, nicely balanced and savory finish with plush tannins. Great on its own or with food; try with pot roasts.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Golden yellow color. Toasty peach pie and quince jam aromas with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy lemon meringue and toasty almond praline finish. A very well polished and flavorful white Rhone blend.
Rich aromas of black pepper, sandalwood, cashew toffee and blackberry compote with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a fig, apple, cedar and mineral accented finish. A great sipper or table wine that will be very versatile. An extraordinary value.
Aromas of banana, nectarine, and spiced melon with a racy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy lime and chalk driven finish. A delicious sipper or pair with fish, scallops and crab legs.
Garnet violet color. Dense aromas of blackberry vinaigrette, toasted sesame, and peppery spices with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a zesty blood orange gelato, cocoa and earth accented finish with plush tannins. A spot on petite sirah.
Garnet black color. Opulent aromas of chocolate nuts and espresso beans, herbs,pepper, graham cracker, and cassis compote with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, chewy citrus, cedar, pickled beet and earth finish with polished, well-integrated tannins. Very impressive.
Aromas of blueberry custard, olive, and chocolate graham cracker with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, spiced cherry, pepper and earth accented finish with perfectly integrated tannins. Delicious and elegant.
Pale ruby color with a charcoal cast. Earth and slightly floral aromas of strawberries, cherries, and mulberries with a silky, fruity sweet medium body and a watermelon candy, raspberry jam, baking spice, and honey finish. Tasty.
Deep ruby black color with a brick rim. Vibrant aromas of raspberry compote and custard with a rich, fruity sweet full body and hints of pepper and tomato on the finish. Great purity and vibrancy. Pour on ice cream.
Clear with a nickel straw cast. Aromas of mild Asian pear, plantain custard, mango, and radish with a satiny, fruity medium body and a toasted nut, apple, and honeydew gelato finish with wonderful, vivacious acidity. A flavorful and highly appealing sake for sipping or with spicy maki.
Ruby with a charcoal gray cast. Aromas of spicy cherry pie filling and blossoms, fruit leather, and delicate fresh herbs with a silky, sweet medium-to-full body and a floral honey and earth accented finish. A delicious, pure, and nicely complex fruit wine.
Pale salmon silver color. Enticing aromas and flavors of strawberries, cherries and whipped cream with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy kiwi, watermelon, and mineral kissed finish. Charming, delicious and balanced.
Clear. Aromas of rain water, coconut cream, melon, peppered shittake, and bamboo shoot with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a vanilla, praline, sweet potato, and delicate spice finish. A seamless artfully balanced sake with great flavor and structure.
Golden orange color. Rich aromas and flavors of baked peach, golden raisin cake, and honey cream with a satiny, sweet medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering finish. A lush, deeply flavorful dessert wine.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of peach yogurt, poached peach, and nougat with a silky, fruity sweet medium body and a tangy, golden raisin, apple sauce, and grassy earth finish. A delicious, well balanced dessert wine for all occasions.
Golden color with an amber cast. Bold fruity aromas of dried apricots, honey, spice, and golden raisins with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, orange sorbet accented finish. Deliciously rich and balanced.
Aromas of nut brittle, apricots, honey and dried flowers with a tangy, spritzy, fruity sweet medium body and a zesty candied orange and peach sorbet finish. Deliciously sweet and fruity; pair with triple cream cheeses.
Aromas of pomegranate jam, nuts, lilacs, and leather with a slightly spritzy fruity and sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy, cherry and raspberry sorbet finish. Very intense, pure and refreshing.
Toasty aromas of brioche, fig and roasted almond with a tangy, delicately effervescent medium body and a piquant, dry, lemon, nectarine and mineral accented finish. A wonderful mouthwatering sipper or table sparkler, especially with shellfish.
Pale golden silver color. Bright floral aromas of peach blossoms, honeycomb, and spicy poached apples with a crisp, vibrantly effervescent fruity medium-to-full body and a long, complex green apple, orange, honeyed golden raisin, and chalk driven finish. A delicious, off-dry sparkler.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate, plums, cherries, and sweet gherkin with a silky, fruity medium body and a cedar, vanilla custard and berry jam on pound cake finish. A very tasty and crowd pleasing red for all occasions.
Aromas of olives, cedar, cracked pepper, spice, cherry cobbler, and sundried tomato aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, sour cherry, cedar, olive, and earth accented finish. Very well balanced and appealing for sipping or the table.
Aromas of coffee yogurt, roasted nuts, chocolate fudge, and dried cherries with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy berry pie, peppery spice, and earth finish. A flavorful and well balanced cabernet with a mellow old school Napa style.
Garnet violet color. Deep aromas of cassis, creme brulee, mocha, honeycomb, and spice with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy pomegranate, passionfruit, and lime curd accented finish. A zesty, vibrant cabernet that will shine at the table.
Garnet violet black color. Rich aromas of anise, boysenberry jam, cocoa, dried meat, and peppercorn with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, rich, tomato and vanilla kissed finish. A delicious, exotically flavorful red for all occasions.
Deep ruby black color. Aromas of dried blueberries, olives, dark chocolate, chestnut brittle, and floral tea with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long chewy tannin finish with notes of orange and peach marmalades and spice. A richly flavorful and seamless red for sipping or the table.
Dense aromas of lit candle, red clay, peppercorn, olives, and grilled mulberries with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a savory pomegranate-rhubarb chutney and smoky nutty, earth finish and fine tannins. A very stately Old World styled table wine that will excel with Italian beef dishes.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of crusty berry pie, floral honeycomb, and creamy nougat with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, mocha, dried cherry and spice accented finish. Flavorful, smooth and well-crafted.
Deep ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of craisins, chocolate mint, roasted pepper, incense, and leafy herbs with tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a chewy, fine tannin finish. Very flavorful and vibrant.
Violet color. Rich aromas of chocolate cherry fudge, brown spices, and praline with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a rich, mouthwatering cedar, tropical citrus and peppery spice accented finish with fine powdery tannins. Great flavor and structure.
Garnet violet color. Aromas and flavors of black raspberry pie, roasted pistachios and dried flowers with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy honeyed pomegranate and spice finish. Great acidity and structure.
Deep ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate, nougat, and spicy berry tartlet with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a gorgeously supple and balanced finish with elegant tannins. A textbook Napa Merlot that will rule at the table.
Deep ruby black color. Dense chocolate toffee, cherry, and woodsy spice aromas and flavors with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy red berry, cocoa, peppercorn, and cedar finish. A zesty, juicy merlot that will sing at the table.
Dark garnet indigo color. Attractive aromas of orange blossoms, honeyed pistachio brittle, spicy cherry chutney, and clay with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, elegant, pink peppercorn and spicy blueberry jam accented finish. A delicious, seamless red for sipping or the table.
Purple black color. Aromas of spicy boysenberry pie, cornichon, and chocolate cherry with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, vanilla, cedar, and spice accented finish. A delicious, savory, and well structured malbec that will sing at the table with steaks.
Dark garnet purple color. Rich aromas and flavors of dark chocolate, coffee, and berry compote with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, graceful vanilla accented finish with fine tannins. A great sipper or pair with well-aged steaks.
Aromas of peaches cobbler, gooseberry jam, and lemon meringue with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, lively sweet citrus, melon, and cream accented finish. Very tasty.
Garnet violet color. Rich aromas of pickling spices, huckleberry, and sandalwood with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, zesty spiced citrus. cornichon and apple accented finish. A great savory table wine that will be great with bbq.
Deep violet black color. Aromas of olive, leather, melted chocolate and dried cherries with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long toffee, spiced berry, and mineral accented finish. A delicious savory red for sipping or the table.
Deep garnet color. Mellow aromas of cassis pie a la mode, cedar, cocoa, and spice with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, berry, nutty oak and mineral driven finish. Textbook old school Napa cab that will be great at the table.
Opaque with a brick rim. Aromas of wild raspberry, dried plum, dusty cherry, figs, pomegranate, tomato jam, thyme, old Encyclopedia and toffee. Firm, but integrated tannins. Fruit is rich, ripe, complex and on the verge of funky, but is on that last day you can still eat a fresh fruit before it goes off the edge. Secondary aromas and flavors with layers of silky complexity. Complex and satisfying.
Opaque with a deep purple rim. Aromas of chocolate, black raspberry, licorice, caramel, strawberry truffles and vanilla bean. Generous raspberry and plum flavors with soft tannins and a broad and balanced finish. Even a note of truffles adds overall complexity. Impressive.
Deep garnet color. Bold aromas of Montmorency cherries, boysenberries, and violet candy with a satiny medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering raspberry jam, nut, and peppery spice finish. A robust, balance, sensationally flavorful zin that hits all the right notes.
Very pretty brassy, pale orange pink color. Bright ripe peach custard and sorbet aromas and flavors with a frothy, fruity medium body and a 3D peach and delicate spice nuanced finish. Really delicious on its own or with cheeses and not too sweet to pair with desserts either. Impressive purity and style.
Pale golden color. Bright aromas of rose petals, lychee and apple are classic with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, citrus and stone fruit driven finish with a nice wisp of minerality. A superb, mouthwatering gewurztraminer.
Garnet purple color. Aromas and flavors of vanilla nut brittle, mocha, beets, and strawberry-rhubarb tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a rich, savory finish with notes of pepper, parsnip, sour cherry, and spices with chewy tannins. A great domestic barbera that will sing at the table.
Ruby color. Aromas of smoked bacon, spiced nuts, chocolate, and red berry tart are very unique and impressive with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, seared back bacon, craisin, and nut driven finish. Will be amazing with bbq baby back ribs or any grilled meats.
Garnet violet color. Rich aromas of chocolate mint, blueberries, and spicy praline with a supple, fruity medium body and a juicy, peppered nut and vanilla cream kissed finish with fine tannins. Very big and tasty.
Deep garnet color. Brambly aromas of toffee, coconut cookie, lingonberry jam, and herbs with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy sour cherry, craisin, pepper dust, and mineral finish with chewy, food friendly tannins. A nice appetizing zin for sipping or the table with spicy pork dishes.
Dusty ruby color. Aromas of leather, spiced berries, chestnut brittle, dried flowers, and red clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy chocolate craisin, and cedar mulch finish with chewy tannins. A spot-on Barolo. Try with mushroom risotto or osso bucco.
Golden color. Aromas of honeydew melon, nougat, apple, pear, delicate spice, and earth with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy kiwi, vanilla toffee, and mineral finish. A rich, well balanced chardonnay for all applications.
Pale golden color. Rich aromas and flavors of fresh, toasty pineapple upside down cake, honeydew melon sorbet, and vanilla toffee with a satiny medium-to-full body and a long mango, lime gelato, and apple accented finish. A fantastically flavorful chardonnay with great structure for the table.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet black color. Aromas and flavors of dark roasted chocolate, cherries, beets, and peppers with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a dash of green eucalyptus, peppercorn, smoked nut, and grass. A very appetizing and juicy Carmenère with pinpoint balance.
Pale silvery straw color. Attractive aromas of golden raisin, peach custard and honeysuckle with a fruity sweet, effervescent medium body and a juicy sweet citrus sorbet, melon, apple, elderflower, and delicate spice accented finish. Very tasty and nicely balanced.
Garnet violet black color. Rich aromas of chocolate blueberries, currant paste, coconut, and vanilla nougat with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, spicy berry pie, blood orange and earth driven finish. Delicious with great structure for sipping or the table.
Golden straw color . Attractive aromas of peach cobbler, lemon curd, and cream with a fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body with a honeyed apple, pineapple custard, and herb accented finish with balanced acidity. A delicious and juicy white wine for sipping and the table.
Opaque bone color. Aromas yams, honey roasted pineapples and apples, and nut brittle with a velvety, fruity medium-to-full body and a pineapple-coconut sorbet, almond, melon ice, and radish sprout accented finish. A nicely balanced, finely textured, and precisely made nigori.
Clear with a silver straw cast. Aromas of white chocolate, nut, rice candy, and young coconut with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and nice notes of sweet cream, pear skin and sweet potato on the zesty finish. Excellent vibrancy and table appeal.
Clear with a platinum straw cast. Very attractive aromas and flavors of ripe Asian pear, pineapple, and spiced melon with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and coconut sorbet, fruit gum, honeyed jicama and nut finish. A delicious, fruity sake for all occasions.
Slightly hazy nickel color with a pale straw cast. Aromas of nougat, creamy banana bread pudding and pear skin with a plush, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long,layered finish of fall fruits, jicama, and minerals. Very stylish and reminiscent of Franciacorta. A benchmark for sparkling sake.
Aromas of coconut flan and yeasty peach pastry with fruity, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a coconut water, vanilla, cashew brittle, sweet potato, grass and mineral accented finish. Elegant and tasty.
Bold fresh meringue, coconut cream, pineapple-papaya sorbet, and nougat aromas with a satiny, fruity medium-full body and a long, rich and lively medley of tropical fruits, nuts, spices, and earth. Sensational vibrancy, purity and flavorfulness that is sure to please.
Clear with a nickel cast. Aromas and flavors of creamed cereal, yam, coconut milk, and spiced papaya with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, tropical citrus, radish, and turnip accented finish. Nice range of flavors to compliment Japanese cuisine.
Aromas of almond brittle and cream puffs with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a coconut custard, peppery radish, caramel apple and delicate spice finish. Elegant and deliciously flavorful.
Garnet with a charcoal gray cast. Rich cherry pie, banana taffy, and spicy praline aromas with a satiny, fruity medium-full body and a juicy, lively berry and spiced apple and nut driven finish with crunchy tannins. A delicious crowd pleasing red.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Dark ruby red color. Alluring aromas and flavors of vanilla toffee, cassis custard, marinated tomatoes and peppers, and clay with a satiny dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, blueberry cobbler, sour cherry, tart apple, and nut nuanced finish with fine, polished tannins. An elegantly flavorful and balanced cabernet for all occasions.
Light red with a moderately pale red rim. Initial aromas of dried cherries, raspberries and Damson plums. Meaty maitaki mushrooms, grilled beets and savory herbs bridge the nose and flavors. Just enough toothsome, but finely integrated tannins pull everything together. Long, mouthwatering, and satisfying finish.
 Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Brick red with a light red rim. Aromas of cherries, dried strawberries, black plums, vanilla, portobello, vanilla and cloves. Rich and unctuous cherry and wild berry flavors are framed with supple tannins, toasty spice-kissed oak, vanilla and wild mushroom. Bold style with plenty of barrique that manages to keep everything in check.
Brick red with a reddish-orange rim. Aromas of toasty vanilla kissed cherries, black raspberries, lingonberries, roasted chestnuts and wild mushrooms. Silky tannins and balanced with strawberry, cherry and raspberry flavors. Touch of earthiness lead by wild mushrooms is accented by an understated use of oak, allowing the wine and terroir to really shine. Long, silky, balanced, elegant opulence. Great acidity on the finish brings you back for more.
Light gold with brass accents. Aromas of apple blossom, honeysuckle, acacia, pineapple, ripe pear and Meyer lemon zest. Off dry with pineapple, mango and papaya flavors. Fruit forward but not overly sweet and well balanced with sweet grapefruit.
Dark garnet violet color. Aromas of pressed linen and flowers, honeycomb, and dried currants with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, savory herb, menthol tobacco, mossy earth, and chocolate cherry finish. Great structure and elegant depth for now or the long haul.
Brilliant pale golden color. Bright aromas and flavors of toasty lemon puff pastry and peach custard with a crisp, tangy, medium-to-full body and a very lively and refreshing sweet citrus and cake driven finish. A delicious and zesty bubbly that will be great on its own or with spicy foods.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas of cashew nougat, spiced cherries, vanilla meringue, and toasty oak with supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a savory roasted beet and nut, wintergreen, and earth driven finish with fine, chewy tannins. Quite lush and pure. Will improve with age.
Bright golden yellow color. Rich aromas and flavors of pineapple upside down cake, hazelnut nougat, and spiced apples with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long tangy citrus, toasty meringue accented finish. A lush, flavorful chardonnay with excellent balance and vibrancy.
Pure golden color. Aromas of dusty golden raisin, dried peach, and mango-carrot chutney with a fruit sweet medium body and a long, honeyed apricot and delicate smoky mineral finish. Very nicely balanced and not too sweet.
Silvery salmon orange pink color. Vibrant aromas of fresh cranberry sauce with a tangy, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long honeyed cranberry, green apple skin, and delicate spice finish. A delicious, very approachable cranberry wine with great intensity and purity of flavor.
Purple black color. Bold spicy, herbal aromas of chocolate mint, menthol, and black raspberry pie with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, juicy vanilla, nut, sour cherry, and mineral accented finish and chewy tannins. A vibrant, flavorful and structured shiraz for sipping or the table.
Purple black color. Aromas of toffee, coconut, and blackberry cream pie a la mode with satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless sour cherry, praline, pepper, and pencil shaving accented finish. A smooth and elegant shiraz that will cover a lot of bases.
Garnet color. Aromas and flavors of raspberries, melted chocolate, and a hint of olive tapenade with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a creamy custard and a delicate spiced melon accented finish. Delicious and versatile.
Opaque with a ruby red rim and red stained legs. Aromas of black raspberry, mocha, vanilla, plum jam and chocolate truffle. Ripe tannins with cherry, dark plum and vanilla kissed currant notes.
Opaque with a brick red rim and red stained legs. Aromas of black cherry, black currant, dried strawberry, vanilla and allspice. Firm, but well integrated tannins frame black cherry, plum, black currant and vanilla flavors with a touch of clove and allspice. Dry, structured and balanced finish indicates potential for aging.
Dark garnet black color with a fading rim. Mature aromas of leather, olive, blackberry vinaigrette, and whole coconut with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy goji berry, praline, and leafy earth finish with fine tannins. Drinking beautifully now.
Ruby with a red rim. Aromas of red cherries, raspberry, strawberry, wild mushrooms and vanilla. Round and silky, jam packed with ripe voluptuous crushed strawberries, cherry compote, juicy red plums and vanilla kissed mushrooms. Hint of leather, licorice and allspice. Notes of rich earth and iron in the big finish.
Dark ruby black color. Enticing aromas of dried cherries, cassis vinaigrette, mocha, and suede with supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long, tangy craisin, spice, and vanilla nut brittle accented finish with fine tannins. A delicious and well balanced cabernet for all occasions.
Aromas and flavors of berry creme brulee, chocolate almonds, and figs with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an elegant, nutty, fine tannin finish. Nice restraint and balance.
Deep garnet black color. Attractive aromas of berry cobbler, creamy mocha and toffee with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy berry, blood orange, and spice finish. A polished, seamless syrah for sipping or the table.
golden yellow color. Rich aromas of honey roasted pineapples, mangos, and apricots with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, toasty apple tart, lemon chiffon pie, and delicate spice finish. A rich, stylish sipper.
Golden yellow color with an emerald cast. Aromas of creamy vanilla and coconut and roasted mangoes and peaches with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, exotic, tropical citrus and spice finish. Great integration of oak. Impressive.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of cherries, pencil shavings, toffee, dried flowers, and clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long tangy currant tart, dried peach, olive, and earth finish. A flavorful, elegantly balanced blend with an Old World flair.
Bright golden color. Aromas of spicy apple-pear tart and creme brulee with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a round, vibrant tropical fruit punch and citrus finish. A very appetizing and refreshing chardonnay for sipping or the table.
Lustrous golden yellow color. Aromas of dried nectarine, pickled citrus, and minerals with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy tropical fruit, custard, and baking spices accented finish. Exquisitely balanced, nuanced, and flavorful.
Minutely hazy bright crimson color. Aromas of honeycomb, cheese rind, and warm cranberry and pomegranate chutney with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and long, tangy, and pure pomegranate sorbet and earth finish. A uniquely flavorful dessert wine that is a great choice to pair with goat and blue cheeses.
Opaque garnet violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of chocolate mint fudge, sour cherry, and menthol with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy, chewy tannin and cedar finish. Great structure for the table, try with spicy lamb dishes.
Deep garnet black color. Subtly expressive aromas and flavors of white clay, gherkin, craisin, and chocolate nuts with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tangy pomegranate, dolmades, cedar, mocha, and delicate brown spice nuanced finish. Impressively layered, savory, and flavorful. Pair with prime rib or elk.
Deep garnet violet color. Layered aromas of dried currants, blueberries, creme brulee, and a hint of menthol tobacco with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a cassis, cedar, clay, and peppery spice finish with chewy tannins. A full throttled steak wine with very fancy oak that will be even better with time.
Dark garnet black color. Lovely dank aromas of cassis, licorice, herbal olives, chicken fat, and chocolate sour cream frosting with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, pomegranate sorbet, mint tobacco, spice, and earth finish with fine supple tannins.
Garnet black color. Bright aromas of chocolate blueberries, dried currants, and graham crackers with a silky, fruity medium-full body and a rich, tangy mocha gelato, creme brulee, sandalwood and spice finish. An intensely hedonistic, flavor packed wine.
Violet black color. Aromas and flavors of cassis jam, chocolate, creme brulee, and olive with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, juicy, fine tannins finish. Seductively smooth and delicious.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of dried currant, clay, and peppery spices with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, concentrated, chewy tannins finish. Built for the long haul or enjoy now with a great steak.
Deep garnet violet color. Intriguing aromas of sauerkraut, cassis jam on rye toast, chocolate mousse and floral honeycomb with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a clay, creme brulee and earthy pickled beet accented finish. A great savory wine for the table or sipping. Pair with porterhouse steaks and sauerbraten.
Inky garnet purple color. Aromas of whole berries, clay, orange blossom honey, and olive skin with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an elegant, frosted berry tart, cocoa, and sandalwood accented finish. Delicious and rewarding, for now or later.
Garnet violet color. Aromas crusty cassis tart, beeswax, and vanilla yogurt nuts with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, baking spices, cedar, and earth accented finish with chewy oak tannins. Very nice now and built for the long haul.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of caramelized bacon, berry pie, and toasty meringue with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, cassis, mocha gelato, cedar, licorice, and whole nut accented finish. Great lively acidity and structure for sipping or the table.
Opaque garnet violet color. Rich aromas and flavors of dried currants, blackberry pie, almond brittle, and tonka bean with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, spicy, nutty, chewy tannin finish. A delicious table wine.
Mellow aromas of toasted nuts, meringue, and dried pineapple with a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a toasty oak and mouthwatering lemon-guava-passionfruit sorbet accented finish. Excellent vibrancy and balance of fruit and oak.
Golden color. Aromas of nougat, vanilla buttercream, and dried tropical citrus with a fruity medium body and a long, tangy apple, pineapple, mango. and praline finish. Superbly tasty and versatile.
Golden silver color with a minute haze. Aromas of roasted coconut, praline, grilled apples, and buttercream with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, toasty oak, vanilla cream, and spice finish. A very nice and smooth oaky chardonnay for sipping or the table with rich poultry dishes.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of raspberry tart and choke cherry jam with a silky, tart medium body and a pure, melon, marinated beet, toffee, and earth accented finish. A flavorful, well-balanced and savory choice for bbq or even roasted beet salads. Very impressive.
Brassy golden pink color. Aromas of berries and French toast with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a mouthwatering lime, watermelon, nectarine, and mineral accented finish. Great zesty flavors and structure reminiscent of a fine blanc de noir Champagne.
Deep garnet color. Exotically complex aromas of roasted pepper, chocolate, menthol mint, nougat, currant, and pink peppercorns with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty, herb, spice, nut, and chewy fine tannin finish. Very nice.
Garnet purple color. Aromas of boysenberry pie, vanilla, and smoked nuts with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, blueberry, beet, and blood orange finish with supportive tannins. Nice vibrancy and depth of flavor.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Golden color. Aromas and flavors of coconut cream and peach-apple pie with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a nut brittle and sweet citrus accented finish. A rich, delicious, oak influenced pinot gris that is sure to please.
Pale golden straw color. Aromas and flavors of grilled lemon, baked peach, and geranium with a crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a tart, zesty lime, clementine, green apple, and mineral finish. Superb Burgundian style, purity, and balance for sipping or the table.
Dark ruby black color. Dense aromas of baked berries and cherries, pickling spices, and vanilla yogurt with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long creamy nougat, blood orange, cedar, and mineral nuanced finish. A rich and delicious pinot with surprising poise.
Ruby color. Rustic aromas of barnyard mud, apple skin, chocolate nuts, and cherry yogurt with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a savory spiced beet, blood orange, and earth accented finish. Very Old World in style and a fine table companion.
Robust aromas of melted toffee, smoked jerky, and dark berry pie a la mode with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, graceful, tangy citrus and peppery spice finish. A delicious, well balanced pinot for all occasions.
Ruby color. Bright aromas of blackberry and cherry cobblers with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, juicy, delicately spicy chocolate finish. A delicious, fruit forward pinot noir that is sure to please.
Garnet black color. Aromas of mocha fudge, toasted coconut, and baked berries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a dried berry, chocolate, and spice driven finish. A very elegant, restrained, and deep zinfandel.
Deep garnet purple color. Aromas of sour cherries, leather, granite, olive, and cornichon with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, pomegranate, pistachio nougat, and mint accented finish. A delicious sipper or table wine; try with Beijing Duck.
Garnet color. Aromas of baked berries, mint, nut brittle, and clay with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty, exotic spice, blood orange, and eucalyptus accented finish. Vibrantly delicious.
Dusty ruby color. Aromas of roasted cherries and berries, tar, roast beef, and burnt brown sugar with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a blood orange, candied violet, and chestnut brittle accented finish with firm, chewy tannins. A nicely balanced and versatile Barolo.
Pale straw silver color. Aromas and flavors of peony, honeyed apricot and golden raisin with a silky, frothy fruity sweet medium body and a tangy candied orange and peach finish. Delicious dessert wine.
Pale golden color. Bright aromas of peach cobbler and soda and apple sauce with a spritzy, moderately sweet medium body and a zesty, candied orange accented finish. Very tasty and balanced.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Golden color. Aromas of apple tart, nougat, and banana skin with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy tangerine and green apple finish with fine, fuel-like minerality. An opulent, classical styled riesling that will be quite versatile at the table.
Deep ruby color. Aromas and flavors of spiced cherries, cocoa, and pickled beets with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a graceful dried cherry, herb toast, and mineral nuanced finish. A flavor-packed yet poised pinot for sipping or the table.
Straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of guava, grapefruit, watermelon rind, and white pepper with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, flavor packed finish. A great fruit driven gruner that is amazingly versatile.
Garnet black color. Aromas of honeycomb, vanilla bean, and gelato blueberry-raspberry cobbler with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy sour cherry, beet, and earth accented finish with chewy tannin finish. A superb alicante bouchet that will shine at the table.
Purple color. Aromas of pencil shavings, clay, and berry custard with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy apple and nut accented finish with powdery tannins. An appetizing petite sirah that will be great with Latin beef dishes.
Garnet black color. Aromas of smoked nuts, crispy bacon, and blueberry gelato with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, tangerine, limestone, and pepper accented finish. Nice balance and varietal character.
Straw color. Aromas of spiced apples and peach tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy citrus and delicate spice accented finish. A zesty, flavor-packed viognier that is sure to please.
Ruby charcoal gray color. Aromas and flavors of dried peaches, honey, and raspberry tart with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy citrus sorbet and nut finish. Very distinctive flavor with excellent structure and table appeal.
Garnet color. Aromas of dried mulberries, tobacco, olives, and floral honey with a silky, dryish medium body and a blackberry vinaigrette, nut, and marinated artichoke heart accented finish with fine leafy tannins. A old school, savory red for rustic game dishes.
Pale ruby color with a bone gray mousse. Aromas of raspberry phosphate and cherry sorbet with a fruity, frizzante medium body and a zesty candied citrus and limestone accented finish. A lively, fruity sweet red sparkler; try with chocolate mouse.
Clear with a nickel cast. Vibrant aromas and flavors of pineapple, honeycomb, and Asian pear with a fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy coconut water, pepper, and radish finish. A vibrant, zesty, fruity driven sake.
Very pale golden silver color. Attractive aromas of fennel, coconut milk, pineapple husk, and melon with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a cashew nougat, vanilla cream, and delicate spice finish. A delicious and stylish sake for all occasions.
Golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of spiced apple and nectarines and nougat with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy, tangerine and honey finish. An appetizing and very balanced dessert wine for all occasions.
Bronzy amber color. Aromas of peach raisin compote and spicy custard with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, juicy apricot, citrus marmalade and earth accented finish. A delicious and richly flavorful ice wine that is a dessert in a glass.
Brilliant copper color. Interesting aromas of barnyard hay, dried peach, and toasted pecans with a supple, fruity medium body and a orange Tootsie roll, soy, and leather accented finish. Fun and flavor packed; try with desserts and cocktails.
Pale ruby silver color. Aromas of cranberry toast, fig, and lemon spritzed sour cherry with a tangy, frothy medium-to-full body and a zesty, lime and chalk accented finish. A nicely structured, mouthwatering Cava that will shine with seafood.
Ruby color. Bright aromas of cherry, licorice, eucalyptus, and raspberry with a silky, medium-full body and a smooth, complex, medium-long, cherry, raspberry jam, licorice, and vanilla finish with soft tannins and moderate oak. Delicious on its own, a real treat to sip and swirl as its intriguing aromas and notes of exotic eucalyptus are captivating, but are followed by such an elegant, balanced body that is confident enough to not overdo its oak or alcohol, leaving a well balanced and highly tailored finish.
Ruby color. Aromas of vanilla custard, olives, nougat, and berry tart with a silky,
Ruby color. Aromas of roasted nuts, herbs, and berry tart with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long, cassis, blood orange, and sweet spices finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A zesty, flavor packed cabernet that will sing with spicy Mediterranean foods.
Hazy pale platinum straw color. Lively aromas of apple custard, overripe Asian pear, melon rind, and rubber sap with a lightly tannic, petillant, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-long, rice pudding, nectarine, lemon cream, and minerals finish. A delicious and different sake experience that is especially suited to a broader range of food pairings than traditional sake.
Dark garnet violet color. Floral aromas of orange blossoms, apricots, huckleberry, and grape jam with a silky, fruity medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long, sour cherry and mineral finish with soft tannins. A distinctive and delicious floral, fruit driven red that is aromatically reminiscent of brachetto. Impressive.
Ruby color. Bright aromas of tomato and pepper jelly, cranberry sauce, pickled beets, and vanilla cream with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, complex, medium length, honeyed nuts, earth, bubblegum spice, and flowers finish with light oak. A zesty and savory cabernet franc that will be fantastic with spicy meat dishes.
Dark violet black color. Lively aromas and flavors of spiced cherries and berry pie with a satiny, lively, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, charming, medium-long finish with impressions of vanilla custard and roasted beets with chewy tannins and light oak. A delicious and savory table companion.
Medium ruby color. Fruity aromas and flavors of restrained blackberries, ripe plums, and toffee with a creamy, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a smooth, very complex long finish with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A delightful juicy red from down under.
Dark garnet black color. Complex aromas of spumoni gelato and spiced berries and nuts with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a sleek, interesting, medium-length roasted mango and cherry, pickle, and earth finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A lovely, savory red that will be a fine table companion.
Ruby color. Interesting aromas and flavors of sweet pickle relish, cherry cider, roasted nuts, and mesquite honey with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish with touches of borscht, earth, and blueberry cobbler with chewy tannins and light oak. A fun, flavor packed cab franc. Impressive.
Dark ruby color. Interesting aromas of dill pickle, exotic spice, and berry pistachio torte with a satiny, vibrant, off-dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, long creme brulee, peppercorn, earth, and cedar finish with silky tannins and light oak. A superbly flavorful and complex red that will be a home run for any possibility.
Dark garnet color. Bold aromas and flavors of black raspberry, eucalyptus, black licorice, and morello cherry with a velvety, bright, dry medium-full body and a smooth, involved, medium-long finish with notes of dried plum, black cherry, chocolate, and vanilla with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Massive and generous amounts of chocolate covered dark fruit flavors with licorice rich aromas, a vanilla bean and dried plum finish and all in balance with fine tannins and bright acidity.
Gold color. Bright aromas and flavors of tropical fruit medley and toasted Hawaiian bread with a supple, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish with impressions of honeyed kiwi and delicate spice with crunchy tannins and light oak. A super sippable chardonnay.
Pale golden silver color. Aromas and flavors of yellow rose, apricot tart, and orange oil with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a silky, captivating, medium-long finish with notes of sweet golden beet and yuzu with fruit tannins and no oak. A superbly flavorful, balanced, and savory gewurztraminer for all occasions.
Ruby brick red color. Complex aromas and flavors of chestnut toffee, cherry tart, tomato focaccia, and peppered parsley with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity body and a graceful, subtle, medium-long finish with accents of nuts, earth, and mulberry jam with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A delightful mature wine with distinctive, savory nuances.
Dark ruby color. Inviting aromas and flavors of creme brulee, raspberry pie a la mode, and cherry salt water taffy with a silky, vibrant, fruity light-to-medium body and a medium-length finish with accents of Neapolitan gelato and blood orange with crunchy tannins. A tasty, refreshing red for all occasions.
Dark ruby black color. Delicate aromas and flavors of pistachios, honeyed berries, and carob rice bar with a silky, tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, intriguing finish with accents of chocolate raspberry torte, nuts, and earth with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A delicious and vibrant zinfandel with mouthwatering acidity and finesse.
Dark ruby color. Delicate oaky aromas and flavors of mocha, buttery toffee, and berry tart with a satiny, lively, fruity medium body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with accents of sweet spice and dried cherry with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious, superbly balanced zinfandel.
Golden yellow color. Rich aromas and flavors of vanilla, nougat, apple pie, and pineapple marmalade with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a intriguing, medium-length finish with overtones of kiwi, honey, delicate spices, and nuts with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A rich, flavor packed chardonnay with nice balance and length.
Dark brick red color. Bold aromas of black raspberry, leather, mocha, and vanilla with a velvety, bright, dry medium-full body and a tingling, complex, long, grilled orange, plum, black cherry, and granite finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. This powerhouse of dark, unctuous fruit weaves a complex web of flavors from chocolate to leather to coffee and grilled orange, all with satisfying, chewy tannins.
Bright light golden yellow color. Complex aromas and flavors of orange sherbet, grapes, and violets with a chewy, bright, sweet full body and a warming, complex finish with fruit tannins and no oak. Would be nice with a with a buttery scone.
Medium garnet violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of ripe black currants, cedar, light green olive note, and black cherry with a chewy, bright, dry full body and a mildly astringent, intricate, medium-long finish with moderate oak. A very nice cabernet.
Garnet violet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of berry chutney, chocolate mint, and spice cake with a satiny, bright, fruity body and a silky, complex, medium-length finish that exhibits accents of earth, cedar, and herbs with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A juicy, smooth and flavorful cabernet with nice poise and style.
Old gold color. Rich aromas and flavors of toasty vanilla nougat, pineapple cake, and apple pie with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long finish with notes of spiced melon, kiwi, and lemon tart with silky tannins and moderate oak. A rich and extravagantly styled chardonnay with very present, but judicious oak.
Golden yellow color. Rich aromas and flavors of toasted meringue, coconut macaroon, peach custard pie, and mint with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a complex, medium-length finish with notes of starfruit, citrus curd, and vanilla cream with fine tannins and light oak. A delicious and elegantly styled white Rhone blend
 Certified Organic-Demeter Certified Biodynamic 
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic ®, Certifed Organic, Organically Grown Grapes 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Certified Organic-Demeter Certified Biodynamic 
Pale silvery straw color with a fine mousse. Aromas and flavors of dried apricot and honeycomb with a fruity sweet, frothy medium body and a long tangy lemon sorbet and mineral accented finish. Excellent concentration and length.
Blue violet ruby medium bright color. Attractive aromas and flavors of slapped sage, black cherry cobbler, dried leaf back note, and sandalwood with a lightly tannic, lively, dryish medium-to-full body and a warming, thought-provoking finish with fine tannins and light oak. A really nice inviting Pinot Noir with an enticing warmth to it.
Violet color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate mousse, toffee, and raspberry tart with a satiny, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long finish displaying nuances of menthol mint, spiced apple, earth, and nuts with well-integrated tannins. A big, delicious and layered shiraz.
Golden silver color. Aromas of green apple, earth, and nuts with a silky, tangy, fruity body and a stimulating, medium-length grapefruit, passionfruit, lime, and touch of grass finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A wonderful, mouthwatering sauvignon balance with great depth and balance.
Brilliant ruby color. Delicate aromas and flavors of dried cherry, vanilla toffee, and spice with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, interesting, medium-length finish evoking suggestions of sweet beet and pepper with fine tannins and light oak. An excellent pinot noir with a great balance between fruity and savory notes.
Dark purple black color. Aromas of huckleberry creme brulee and cherry tart with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a praline, pear, and mineral accented finish. Very tasty and well balanced for sipping or the table.
$7.99/500 ml. Best Buy.
Ruby color. Lovely aromas chocolate, crusty apple-berry tart, and baking spices with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, highly polished cherry and cedar accented finish. A wonderfully supple, delicious and balanced pinot.
 Certified Organic 
Aromas of chocolate, stewed berries, raisin and rhubarb, potter's clay, nuts, and pepper dust with a supple, satiny dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, sour cherry compote, toffee and pink peppercorn finish. A big brawny syrah for sipping.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of seared pork fat, cocoa, and boysenberry custard with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, polished, cherry, vanilla and peppery spice accented finish. Delicious.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Dark garnet violet color. Aromas of clay, honey mint tea, dried berry and straw have a pleasing barnyard quality with a silky, dryish medium-to-full body and a long, elegant craisin, oak, and spice accented finish. A stately Bordeaux-like wine.
Deep violet black color. Aromas of vanilla nougat and huckleberry jam with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, pomegranate sorbet and chocolate salted caramel accented finish. Very tasty and seriously structured.
Golden silver color. Rich floral honey, caramel apple-pear pie, and delicate spice aromas and flavors with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a rich, lingering finish. A stately and rich oak aged chardonnay with fine poise.
Aromas of toasty lemon cake with peach frosting with supple, fruity medium body and a zesty dried apricot, Meyer lemon and honey finish. A superb off-dry riesling.
Toasty blackberry pie crust and toffee aromas with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a plush, creamy apple custard and spiced nut finish. Very enticing and appetizing.
Aromas of chocolate cream wafers, honey, and spicy berry compote with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, pomegranate gelato, sandalwood and baking spice finish. Elegant and flavorful.
Creamy aromas of cassis custard pie, caramelized nuts, chocolate and savory herbs with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, juicy finish with notes of vanilla, blueberry, green pepper and flower patch. A delicious, elegant table wine.
Aromas of cherry and pistachio gelatos, pink peppercorn, and baking chocolate with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, chewy, pomegranate sorbet, starfruit, cedar and earth finish. Very nicely composed and delicious.
Deep purple color. Aromas of chocolate, honeycomb, and dried currants with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a wonderfully balanced and tangy mixed berry and peppery spice finish. A gusty cab that will appeal to zin lovers.
Aromas of chocolate covereed rice crispy and berry pie with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a zippy, cocoa dusted craisin, kiwi jam, and peppery spiced nut finish. Very tasty and zesty for the table.
Aromas of chocolate covered espresso bean, dried currant, and crispy bacon with a silky fruity medium-full body and a zesty chocolate orange, nut, and mint snap on the mouthwatering finish. A fantastically appetizing cabernet.
Aromas of chocolate smore, raspberry tart, and creme brulee with a silky fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty, polished chocolate milkshake finish. A very tasty and appetizing wine that is sure to please.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate covered cherries and caramelized bacon with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty, smoothly balanced vanilla kissed finish. Very tasty and poised.
Dark ruby color. Attractive aromas of currants, toffee, cedar, and peppercorn with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, savory chocolate craisin and tomato relish accented finish. A wonderfully flavorful and seamless sipper or table wine.
Golden yellow color. Interesting aromas of mango, papaya, macadamia nougat, and warm creme Anglaise with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, layered, spicy, zesty finish. Deliciously exotic.
Aromas of blackberries, candied citrus, chestnuts, and faint incense with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a refreshingly crisp, mouthwatering finish. A great choice for the table.
Ruby color. Aromas of spicy poached plum, chocolate cherry, and poultry seasoning with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy apple, pomegranate, spice and earth accented finish with chewy tannins. A very good table wine with bright acidity.
Bright yellow color. Rich aromas of smoky grilled peaches and apples have hint of rubber with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a baked lemon, roasted nut, and grassy earth accented finish. Stylish and elegantly balanced for the table.
Deep garnet color. Rich aromas of fruit liqueurs, chocolate, leather and spice with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery dried berry, spiced carrot, and heirloom tomato accented finish. A nice choice for duck.
Golden color. Rich tropical fruit salad and caramelized nut aromas with a satiny fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy orange-peach sorbet accented finish. A rich, off-dry wine that will be great with spicy Thai food.
Dark garnet color. Toasty aromas of buttery nut brittle, cherry pie filling and grilled citrus with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a delicate sprinkle of mocha and spice on the long elegant, lightly smoky finish. An excellent pinot for the table.
Garnet violet color. Exotic aromas and flavors of eucalyptus incense, lavender and blueberries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body-to-full body and a rich, tannic tart berry, sandalwood, and clove finish. A powerfully spicy, floral, and herbal pinot.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of mocha, bacon, dried berries and spiced chocolate with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a rich, seamless finish with minerals, tomato, mint and fine tannins. A lush, powerhouse of a pinot.
Aromas of waxy honeycomb, boysenberries pie, vanilla and baking spices with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, peach, apple, and black cherry finish. A very tasty sipper or table wine.
Ruby black color. Mild aromas of floral honeycomb, cocoa, and cherry custard with a dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, tangy, peach, citrus and spiced apple accented finish. A nice lively pinot for the table.
Aromas of spicy boysenberry custard, mint, and praline with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body with a wonderful blueberry pie and nut finish. Delicious and sure to please.
Restrained aromas of black berries and olive with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a craisin, chocolate nut,a and mineral finish with chewy tannins. A sturdy, drier, claret-style zin with nice balance for the table.
Pure aromas of raspberries, tomatoes and pepper with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, juicy, mouthwatering citrus finish. A great zin for the table.
Violet color. Aromas of toffee, raspberry pie, and and delicate spice with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, cherry, pepper, apple and earth finish. A nice zippy crowd pleasing zin.
Big boozy aromas of brandied cherries, bourbon barrel, nougat, and minty herbs with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a hint of eucalyptus and earth on rich warming, chewy tannin finish. Powerful; for fans of high octane zin.
Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered graham crackers, red berry pie, buttercream, and peppery spice with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a peppery, juicy toasty praline, craisin and earthy tomato accented finish. A bold, flavorful zin that will delight zinheads.
Ruby with a brick rim. Aromas of chocolate cake with black raspberry frosting with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, savory, baked apple, toffee, and citrus accented finish. Very nice purity and balance; will be great at the table.
Ruby black color. Forward aromas of pickled peppers, violet candy, blackberry butter, and chocolate fudge with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, chewy nut, beet, and spice nuanced finish. A delicious, expertly blended red. Pair with cassoulet.
Rich aromas of toasty praline, peach cobbler, and raspberry pie with a ripe fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, berry, apple sauce and spice medley on the juicy finish. A really tasty crowd pleasing red for all occasion.
Aromas of chocolate nut fudge, spiced prunes, and dried cherries with a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a mouthwatering ripe peach, Meyer lemon marmalade, and earthy spice finish. A delightfully zesty syrah that will shine at the table.
Aromas of melted chocolate, toasty hazelnut praline, spicy plum pie, mocha, licorice, and roasted peppers with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a spiced nut, sassafras, and peach-boysenberry jam finish. A vibrant table wine.
Aromas of roasted coffee, sweet peppers, cherries and nuts with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a spicy marinated tomato, pomegranate, and nectarine finish with dusty, earthy tannins. An excellent table with vibrant flavors and a nice Old World sense of place.
Toasty mocha, tomato and black raspberry pie a la mode aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, olive, sour cherry and pepper accented finish. Tasty.
Garnet color. Aromas of mocha, chocolate mousses and cassis pie with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a lively red and black berry medley on the finish with a hint of licorice, cedar and wrapped nicely with dusty, tannins. A great choice for prime rib.
Bright blueberry cobbler aromas with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, vanilla, smoked cherry and nut finish with plush tannins. Delicious and well balanced.
Garnet color. Bright aromas of marinated cherries, vanilla custard, peppery spices, herbs, and sassafras with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a chocolate covered nut, green apple and citrus accented finish. A zesty, flavorful sangiovese for all occasions.
Bright scarlet color. Aromas of strawberries and meringue with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and crisp, tangy raspberry finish. Superb vibrancy and purity of fruit.
Aromas of waxy honeycomb, toasted graham cracker, cocoa, dried berries and peppers with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, cassis, spice and honeyed nut accented finish. Nice Old World character with a rich core of fruit.
Garnet color. Delicate aromas of dried peach and raspberry danish with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, creamy chocolate and praline finish with fine, polished. A delicious, elegant cabernet franc for sipping or the table.
Rich 3D aromas of crayon, dried currant, roasted pepper, leather and clay with a vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a long, expressively tangy black raspberry, sour cherry, candied lime, cedar, and spice finish. Fantastically flavorful.
Aromas of suede, cherry tart, and creamy toffee with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a plush, cedar, apple and spice finish with chewy tannins.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of baked berries, pickled okra and pepper, vanilla and cherries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, graceful caramelized nut and dried cherry accented finish with chewy tannins. A wonderfully savory cabernet.
Deep garnet color. Rich aromas of berry creme brulee, honey gelato, cedar, and toffee with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a chewy, roasted pepper, mocha, and slate finish with earthy tannins. A very flavorful and balanced table wine.
Deep garnet violet color. Dense aromas of chocolate dried berries, almond brittle, and olive with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tart, pomegranate, cocoa and pepper finish with powdery tannins. Give this a little time.
Deep garnet black. Layered aromas and flavors of honeycomb, chocolate currants, baking spices, green olive, and clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, polished, earthy tannin finish. A delightful table wine.
Aromas of honeycomb, black pepper, dried cherries,grilled peppers, and cedar with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, zesty spice and maple nut fudge accented finish with chewy tannins. An excellent food wine with superb acidity.
Pale golden color. Pure apple on the tree, peach tart and delicate spice aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, lightly smoky nut, mineral, and quince finish. Nice complexity and style.
Ruby black color. Savory sundried tomato, marinated olive, roasted green pepper and cherry aromas and flavors with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, elegant, lingering berry, cocoa and earth finish. Excellent style and substance; will be great at the table.
Garnet purple color. Aromas of berry and banana cream pies with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy, toasted meringue, praline and spiced pear accented finish. A delicious and balanced wine for all occasions.
Rich roasted coffee, pound cake, and chocolate aromas with a supple, dry medium body and a grilled berry, Meyer lemon, olive, and apple accented finish. Flavorful and fun.
Rich aromas of honeycomb, cherry pie, and chocolate with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and tangy, pure raspberry and spice driven finish. Delicious and beautifully etched.
Bright aromas of frosted chocolate cake and cherry-raspberry pie with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy mocha, toffee, apple tart and cedar finish. A home run combination of flavor, vibrancy, and depth. Impressive.
Dense meaty aromas of dried dark berries and tomatoes, sweet incense, clay, and spiced chocolate with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a banana's Foster and praline accented finish. A super tasty and appetizing Old World-like red that will be awesome with lamb tagine and other spicy Mediterranean fare.
Bright aromas of apples, lemon curd, and peach custard tart with a silky, fruity light-to-medium body and tangy clementine and mineral finish. a delicious zesty riesling that will cover a lot of bases at the table.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas of cherry-vanilla custard tart and honeyed nut brittle with a juicy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy cranberry, peppered nuts and grassy earth finish. A delicious, vibrant cabernet for sipping but especially with Asian pork and beef dishes.
Rich raisiny aromas of dried Montmorency cherries and toffee with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy, pure fruit driven finish with well integrated tannins. This really nails the juiciness of malbec wit a nice dry twist. A super sipper or pair with lasagna and gourmet burgers.
Aromas of dried citrus, apple and peach tart with a round fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, tangy and ripe nectarine, tangerine and melon finish. A delicious flavor-packed riesling that is sure to please.
Bright raisiny dried cherry and flan aromas with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, well balanced spice accented finish with chewy appetizing tannins. A spot on California zin; will pair perfectly with deep dish pizza.
Lush layered aromas of peaches, lychee, and lavender with a silky fruity medium body and a long, ripe pineapple and green apple finish. A delicious zesty wine for sipping or spicy Thai food. On the money.
Deep aromas of sweet pickling spice marinated cherries and tomatoes and toffee with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and rich, layered apple and nut accented finish. A great table wine to pair with roasted duck, veal and pork. A great value.
Bold grilled pepper, grapefruit, and passionfruit aromas and flavors with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity and a long, vibrant smoky mineral accented finish. This really nails it with great varietal character and intensity. Pair with a grilled Latin seafood and chicken.
Rich berry pie, chocolate mousse and vanilla custard aromas with a vibrant fruity medium-to-full body and a lush, artfully balanced finish with spice and mineral notes playing with the fruit. A great zin for all occasions.
Aromas of exotic tropical fruit custard tart and toasty lemon cake with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a pineapple, kiwi, melon, and earth accented finish. Excellent Burgundian complexity and depth. Will shine with grilled lobster.
Aromas and flavors of beeswax, clay, and dried berries and tomatoes with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a pomegranate, cedar, olive, and earthy tannin driven finish. Great Old World-like terroir and poise. Will be great at that table with a wide range of ethnic dishes.
Somewhat mature aromas of sautéed nuts, leather, olive and dried currant with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and an earthy, woodsy note on the finish. Really nice Old world sense of place here; will pair great with Italian beef dishes.
Rich golden color. Bold aromas of buttercream, nougat and pineapple pie with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a caramel apple, cream and spiced Meyer lemon finish. A plush zesty chardonnay with a Montrachet-like character.
Bright golden color. Aromas of apple pie, coconut cream, and roasted pineapple with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy citrus, cream, and melon finish. Very elegant and appetizing; pair with lobster.
Deep golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of caramelized nuts, vanilla salt water taffy, and baked pineapple with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tart, spicy apple pie driven finish. A delicious and poised chardonnay that will be great with lobster.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Golden color. Rich golden raisin, peach pie, nougat, and pepper aromas with a silky fruity sweet medium-full body and a long, tangy apricot and floral honey finish. A deliciously intense dessert wine that will be great with creamy cheeses.
Ruby black with copper tint an orange brick rim. Aromas of ink, roasted nut, pickled pepper, olive, and herbs with a satiny dryish medium-to-full body and a gracefully smooth cassis tart, dusty root vegetable and fine chewy tannin finish. A fine, fully mature cabernet to pair with filet mignon.
Violet black color. Intriguing aromas of anise cookie, cocoa-dusted blackberry, pepper, sandalwood, and ink with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, peppercorn, violet, tomato, and dusty root vegetable accented finish. Exotic and complex; pair with grilled game.
Pretty amber color. Rich golden raisin and apricot compote on toast aromas and flavors with a satiny, fruity sweet medium-full body and a nicely balanced, lightly mineral and dusty apple finish. A spot on BA that will be great with desserts.
Smoky roasted nut, cedar, grilled cranberries, and mocha fudge aromas with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy, dried citrus, plum and grass accented finish. Nice intensity and depth; pair with spicy beef dishes.
Garnet color. Aromas of cherry pie, cedar, and chocolate with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy, layered finish with vanilla, toffee and tangy raspberry jam notes. A delicious, expertly oaked red that is sure to please.
Distinct meaty cherry, fig, honeycomb, and nut aromas with a silky dryish medium-to-full body and a savory roasted apple and spice finish. A delicious balanced and dry pinot noir that will be great at the table with roasted meats.
Dark garnet color. Aromas of dried morello cherry and praline with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, vanilla berry and tomato tart accented finish. A very fine table wine, pair with veal.
Deep purple color. Delicately layered aromas of raspberries pie, spiced nuts, and marinated beets with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, cedar and pepper accented finish. A great zesty table wine or sipper; pair with veal and pork.
Aromas of bison grass, cream, and baked apple and lemon with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and tangy, tropical citrus and spice driven finish. A delicious gruner for all occasions.
Aromas of apricot, melon, and praline with a silky fruity, medium-to-full body and a honeyed apple, lime curd, pepper, and mineral accented finish. A superb, zesty gruner that hits all of the high notes.
Bright apple, lime, and toasted nut aromas with a very racy fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a tangy pineapple, nectarine, and dusty mineral finish. A bright, vibrant chardonnay that pairs like a riesling; try with spicy Asian seafood.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of peaches and Meyer lemon with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a pure concentrated nectarine finish. A beautiful and varietally pristine pinot blanc that will be a great aperitif or pairing with poultry.
Golden silver color Aromas of grapefruit, waxy red pepper, and gooseberry with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a highly polished lemon, mineral, and grass finish. Great varietal character and poise. Will be great with tempura.
Golden yellow color. Lightly smoky aromas and flavors of grilled lemon, kiwi and apples with a soft, dryish medium body and a round, grassy, nutty finish. Very serious structure and style. Pair with seared scallops.
Pale silvery straw color. Bright aromas of lychee and rose potpourri with a soft, dryish medium body and a zesty tropical citrus, yellow apple, mineral and spice accented finish. Great vibrancy and panache. A perfect choice for Thai food.
Pale silvery gold color. Aromas of grapefruit marmalade, gooseberry jam, and yellow pepper with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a juicy ripe citrus and honey finish. A deliciously ripe and appetizing sauvignon that will be great with almost everything from the air and sea.
Deep violet color. Aromas of mocha cream, praline, spice and cassis cobbler a la mode with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, citrus, herb, and oak accented finish. Very stylish and flavorful; pair with flank steaks.
Violet black color. Aromas of dark chocolate yogurt, pickled carrots and Brussels sprouts, and dried cherries with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy chocolate citrus and earth accented finish. A refreshing sipper or pair with sauerbraten, rouladen, and German beef dishes.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of dried cherries and berries, brown spices, nougat and clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy chocolate craisin and spice finish with fine tannins. A great table wine or sipper; pair with lasagna.
Rich, earthy aromas of clay, peanut brittle, and spicy cherry vinaigrette with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy caramel apple, lemon curd, and forest floor accented finish. A very nice composition of Old and New World styles in a mature frame. Pair with veal.
Deep garnet color. Rich aromas of vanilla cherry bark, spiced orange tea, mocha, and cranberry relish with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, spicy poached peach and pomegranate chutney finish. An exotically spicy and delicious pinot.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Garnet violet color. Savory aromas of roasted pepper, dried currant and chocolate with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a lively, herbal, roasted root vegetable, mustard greens, pomegranate, and leather accented finish with chewy tannins. A great steak wine especially peppered steak or chimichurri.
Oak driven aromas of creme brulee, berry pie, pickle relish, and coconut cream with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, well balanced citrus, peach, apple and praline accented finish. A delicious and flavorful red that will work with most everything.
Aromas of praline and candied apricot with a silky, fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy fruity mouthwatering green apple, honeyed peach, dried flower, and mineral finish. A beautifully balanced off dry sipper or pair with spicy Indian food.
Ruby black color. Aromas of crayon, cocoa, spice cake, creamy nougat, and currant with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, sour cherry and mineral finish with appetizing, chewy tannins. Very nice depth and balance for sipping or the table.
Attractive aromas of blueberry and apple custard pies with a graceful, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tidy, polite tannin finish. A nice table wine; try with grilled lamb chop or eggplant.
Aromas and flavors of roasted apple, coconut flakes, and hazelnuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a soft, melon and lemon accented finish. A nice elegant Mersault-like chardonnay for sipping or the table; pair with coconut shrimp.
Dusty ruby color. Aromas of smoked nuts, dried berries, peppery spice, and tomato chutney with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, dusty mineral and herb accented finish. A classy Old-World red that will shine on the table.
Dark ruby charcoal color. Brooding aromas of berry vinaigrette, vanilla, peppers and olives and dried apricot and honey with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, concentrated finish with fine tannins. A delicious, flavor-packed syrah that will be great with ratatouille and veal chops.
Lively aromas of ripe pear and banana with a crisp fruity light-to-medium body and a a juicy mouthwatering tropical citrus and meringue driven finish. A delicious Prosecco for all occasions.
Deep garnet color. Elegant aromas of dried berries, mocha, toffee, and peppered bacon with a satiny dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a super smooth, vanilla, pomegranate, apple, roasted pecan finish. A delicious and elegant red for sipping or the table with filet mignon.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Golden yellow color. Aromas of floral honeycomb, kiwi, mango and papaya aromas with a off-dry medium body and a round, tangy honeyed gala apple and lime finish. A delicious off-dry sipper.
Aromas of baked berries, chocolate nuts, olive wood, and spice with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, well balanced nut and earth accented finish. A really nicely poised syrah for sipping or the table; try with Mulligatawny soup.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of clay, sour cherry, nut brittle, and honeycomb with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, spiced pear and peach accented finish with silky fine tannins. A very flavorful and stylish, Rhone-like syrah for all occasions.
Subtle aromas suggest cream, citrus, melon rind, and vanilla candle with a soft, dryish medium body and a crisp, baked fruit, praline and oak driven finish. A very attractive and elegant, dry table wine; pair with grilled fish.
Garnet black color. Intriguing aromas of chocolate cake, eucalyptus, olive, spice and cassis compote with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy mocha, nut, apple, and earth accented finish. Nice fruity, herbal flavor and poise; pair with German beef rouladen.
Ruby black color. Interesting aromas of lingonberry jam and dried eucalyptus leaf with silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, praline, creme brulee and fine tannin finish. A robust and well structured cabernet franc for sipping or the table.
Deep ruby color. Mild aromas of cherry butter and praline with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and blueberry tart, cedar, and creme brulee accented finish. Very tasty and nicely balanced for sipping or the table.
Aromas and flavors of chocolate craisins, nuts and coffee beans with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a pleasant dried berry finish with chewy, fine tannins. Will be great with a porterhouse.
Deep garnet black color. Rich aromas of cassis pie a la mode with a hint of honey menthol drop. Supple and tangy with a fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a crunchy red apple, spice and earth accented finish. A nicely balanced and refined cabernet for sipping or the table with prime rib.
Very vibrant nose of olives, chutney and a titch of earth and spice. Tangy ripe flavors are blanketed by velvety tannins. Very Old World in style.
Garnet black color. Inviting aromas of bacon-wrapped dates and chocolate drizzled berries with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, mouthwatering finish with nuts and fine tannins. Very tasty.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of currant, olive, toasty meringue and leather with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, dried berry, milk chocolate, pepper, cedar, and earth accented finish. A stylish sipper or pair with T-bones.
Ripe raspberry aromas and juicy flavors with hints of violets and cassis are very zin-like. Later a nice toasty cedary note. Good length and balance and will improve as the fine tannins evolve.
Dark purple black color. Aromas of toasty cassis pie and toffee with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body a long, graceful finish with notes of dried cherry, spice and apple and fine, chewy tannins. An excellent sipper or table wine.
Christmas scents come to mind along with a hint of pine cones and olives. A bit of bread crust, violets and later some spiced mulberries. Creamy entry and big front loaded flavors with a relaxed finish.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Enticing nose of blackberries and dark plums within a nice toasty framework. Rich entry and a long, warm, spicy finish. Very tasty.
Attractive aromas of baked plum, delicate spice, cocoa and honeycomb with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, mineral and dried cherry accented finish. Great purity, directness, and sense of place. A fine table companion.
Lovely spicy aromas and flavors of cinnamon, eucalyptus, and cranberry coulis with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a zesty, mouthwatering finish with chewy, food friendly tannins. A delicious and vivacious table wine.
Elegant nose of black currants, vanilla custard and toffee. Great balanced texture and acidity with just the right of amount of tangy fruit, oak spice, cocoa, and earth. Very nice and extremely flexible at the table.
Nice lively nose of plum pudding and black currants. Later a hint of violets. rich attack good length and structure. Slight impression of sweetness wrapped up with fine tannins. A beautiful merlot.
Elegant nose, mocha and mulberries - nicely integrated. Rich juicy entry, very good length and balance. A lovely US malbec.
Garnet color. Bright aromas of cherry compote on toasty angel food cake and a hint of menthol with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a well balanced blackberry, pear skin, nut shell, and mineral accented finish with crunchy fruit tannins. An excellent, well-structured grenache for the table that is reminiscent of a cru Beaujolais.
Aromas of nougat, dried coconut, and pineapple cake with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and wonderfully balanced, apple and citrus sorbet, spice, and mineral accented finish. A very classy and pure chardonnay for sipping or the table.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of coconut, dried pineapple, and apple scone with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy apple and Meyer lemon sorbet driven finish. A lively sipper or table companion.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of coconut cream pie, caramel apple, and white blossoms with a rich, supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, baking spices, crunchy apple, tart pineapple, and praline driven finish. A juicy well oaked chardonnay that has a lot of class and balance. Serve with Alaskan king crab.
Funky wild yeast notes suggest pear cider, leather, and olive tapenade and are a pleasant surprise. On the palate, red fruits come on most notably blackberries and mulberries. Very good length and balance and the innate acidity lifts the flavors. A superb, traditional Old World table wine to pair with braised meats.
Bright golden color. Fascinating aromas of toasted hazelnut toffee, dried apples and lemons with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a well balanced melange of bright autumn and citrus fruits and delicate smoky minerality on the generous, tangy finish. A great choice for grilled lobster.
Aromas of beeswax candle, chocolate creme brulee, dill pickle, and briar berries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, craisin, kiwi, cedar, and hung game accented finish. A nicely structured and very flavorful red for the table.
Deep garnet color. Attractive aromas of blackberry gelato, sweet pipe tobacco, and blueberry pie with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, vibrant cedar, spiced blackberry, vanilla cream, and mineral driven finish. A racy, fruit driven red that will be great with prime rib and baby rack of lamb.
Attractive aromas of flowers, lychee, and peach sauce with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a juicy well-balanced pear, apple, and mineral accented finish. A deliciously satisfying white wine that is sure to please.
Ruby black color. Interesting aromas of pickled olives, toasty cassis pie, chocolate, and faint eucalyptus with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, cherry, strawberry and and spiced nut accented finish with powdery tannins in support. Delicious and rich.
Deep garnet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of blueberry and strawberry pastries, menthol candy, and peppery spice with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and rich, balanced finish with great purity of tangy fruit and subtle sweet nutty oak.
Deep purple garnet color. Aromas of melted chocolate, nuts, herbs, and blueberry tart with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a menthol, Asian spice, and craisin accented finish. A rich, flavorful shiraz that hits all the high notes.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of dried berries, delicate eucalyptus, and toffee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty, honeyed orange, blueberry cobbler, cedar, and sweet pickled tomato accented finish. Very flavorful and fun.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of baked berries, honeyed toast, and delicate spices with a vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless cocoa, nut, and earth accented finish. Very elegant and flavorful.
Vibrant aromas and flavors of green pepper, grapefruit, and green tomato with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a very tangy, mineral, plantain and grassy earth accented finish. A delicious and exotic sauvignon blanc.
Ruby black with a gray brick cast. Aromas of pomegranate, gherkin, spices and cedar with a supple, dryish medium body and a savory, herbal dried berry and roasted root vegetable accented finish with delicate tannins. A very nicely balanced Barolo that will shine at the table.
Dark violet black color. Rich aromas of dried berries, pickling spices, vanilla and beeswax candle with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy spiced berry and apple driven finish. Great fruit, structure and balance. Very nice.
Gold color. Aromas of butter praline, apple tart, and pineapple cake with with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, rich exotic tropical fruit, nut, and creamy vanilla finish. Excellent depth and balance in a sturdy oak frame.
Bright golden color. Aromas and flavors of caramel apples, kiwi, and baked pineapples with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, delicately spicy finish. A very nicely balanced chardonnay for sipping and the table.
Deep garnet color. Layered aromas of waxy honeycomb, toffee, plums, and dried berries with a dry-yet-fruity medium body and a supple, tart berry, creamy vanilla and toasty spice driven finish. An elegant, balanced and flavorful chambourcin for all applications.
 Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
 Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
Rich fancy lavender bath soap, dried apricot, and pistachio nougat aromas with a silky, fruity medium body and a rich, tangy peach cobbler and spiced apple accented finish. A lovely fruity sipper.
Pale silvery golden color. Rich dill pickled pepper, grapefruit custard tart, and lime blossoms with a silky, dryish medium body and a grassy and citrus rind driven finish. A nicely structured and stylishly dry sauvignon blanc for the table or sipping.
Ruby black color. Layered aromas of leather, pickled tomatoes and berries, and chocolate smoked nuts with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, juicy raspberry coulis, caramel apple and plush tannin finish. A delicious and savory pinot that is sure to please.
Garnet color. Rich aromas of cranberries, sour cherries, and toffee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long roasted nut, grilled orange, lilac, and grassy earth accented finish. A complex, deeply flavorful, and terroir-driven pinot that will triumph at the table.
Pale golden silver with a faint amber cast. Intriguing aromas of waxy honeycomb, nougat, peach, white flowers, and apple with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a more drying mineral, rhubarb, and Meyer lemon driven finish. Nice brush strokes of table friendly flavors and acidity.
Aromas and flavors of nut brittle, melon, and yellow apple with a fruity medium body and a nice honeyed pastry accented finish. A delicious, juicy pinot gris that is sure to please.
Dark ruby color. Bright aromas and flavors of spicy red berry sauce, cocoa, and licorice with a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium body and an earthy, tart cranberry and spice accented finish. A really vibrant, clean and flavor packed nebbiolo that will be great at the table with spicy meats and bbq.
Aromas of boysenberries, dried cherries, spice, and chocolate with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body a long, tangy, blood orange, nectarine, and slate accented finish. Nice bright fruit and a great acidity for the table.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Dark ruby black color. Rich chocolate, coffee and berry pie aromas with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, juicy, baking spice, sassafras, and toffee finish with chewy tannins. A delicious and satisfying sipper.
Dark ruby color. Aromas of chocolate nuts, berries, and baking spice with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy orange sorbet and earth accented finish with plump balanced tannins. A delicious grenache for sipping or the table.
Aromas of chocolate, vanilla, and dark berry pie with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, apple and mocha nut fudge accented finish. Quite elegant and balanced oak compliments the fruit.
Opaque ruby black color. Aromas of chocolate mint, craisin, herbs and peppery spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, dried cherry, praline and vanilla cream accented finish with chewy tannins. A powerful and engaging blend.
Golden yellow color. Vibrant aroma of pineapple upside down cake with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, sweet citrus, apple and pear pastry driven finish. A delicious, appetizing sipper.
Deep old color. Aromas of honeycomb, dried apple and nectarine, and raisin with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy tangerine sorbet, honey, and dried apricot accented finish. Delicious.
Rich golden amber color. Aromas of raisin cake, nougat, leather, and dried peach with a silky fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy clementine, floral honey, and mineral accented finish with great length. A plush, decadent icewine.
Deep ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of pomegranate, almond, cocoa, dolmades and earth with a dryish medium-to-full body and a tangy, moderately tannic finish. Excellent structure for the table; serve with lamb.
Pale golden color. Aromas of dried apricot, fig, and honeyed date nut bread with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a dash of hazelnut brittle, pineapple, and grassy earth on the the piquant finish. A very distinctive and attractive sipper; serve with seared scallops.
Garnet violet color. Rich aromas of craisin, apple nut bran muffin, and prunes with a with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, sour cherry, praline and earth finish with sumptuous chewy tannins. An elegantly balanced and table friendly wine.
Complex and subtle, herbs, eucalyptus, mint, spice, chocolate mousse, berry tart chewy concentrated, peppery spice and earth. Very robust and supple.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of chocolate and cassis with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, spiced cherry, nut brittle and mocha cream accented finish with chewy tannins. A delicious and elegantly balanced cabernet for sipping or the table.
Clear with a silvery cast. Mild aromas of vanilla yogurt, dried coconut and peppered melon with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a very well-balanced and vibrant finish with notes of creamy vanilla, sweet and peppery spices and kiwi. A roller coaster of flavor.
Pale silver straw color with a rim of mousse. Aromas of toast peach tart, kiwi, orange custard and nougat with tangy, effervescent medium body and a long, citrus and mineral driven finish. Very elegant and balanced flavors.
Deep ruby black color. Inviting aromas of berries, beeswax, grilled tomatoes and peppers, cocoa and nougat with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy craisin, toasty cedar, nut, olive, and grassy earth finish with fine chewy tannins. An excellent fruity and savory sipper or table with meats, especially steak au poivre.
Deep garnet color. Rich aromas and flavors of sweet spiced cherries, sandalwood incense, ancho pepper, and pickling spices with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long pencil shaving, melon, vanilla cream, and mineral accented finish. Delicious and well balanced flavors and texture.
Deep aromas of mocha custard, smoked berries, and pepper corns with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, cedar, grilled apple, and spice driven finish with fine chewy tannins. A lovely sipper or table wine.
Ruby black color. Aromas of sandalwood, olives, chocolate and cassis with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a toasty cedar and cracked pepper accented finish. A delicious and elegant red for grilled meats.
Deep purple color. Aromas of waxy honeycomb, clay, olive, sundried tomato and cherry with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy craisin, herb, and earth accented finish. Great complexity and savory flavors.
Aromas of olive tapenade, grilled green peppers, mocha, and dried berries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy dark berry, herb, incense, and cedar finish. A nice marriage of fruit and wood.
Pale straw. Aromas of delicate perfume, peach, banana, and honey with a fruity, slightly petillant medium body and a long, mouthwatering honeyed green apple, orange and peach sherbet finish with a hint of floral talc. A classic moscato with nice complexity.
Golden silver color. Aromas of melon rind, white peach, honeysuckle, and citrus scone with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy peach, lime cream and mineral driven finish. Very sophisticated in style; will be great at the table.
Dark ruby color. Aromas of plum-cherry tart and toffee with a crisp dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy tropical citrus, delicate spice and earth finish. Very flavorful and balanced for sipping or the table.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of vanilla, honey, olive, cassis, baking spices and pepper with a supple, tangy dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and cocoa powder, cedar, and youthful, chewy tannins on the finish. A very nice table wine with solid fruit, bright acidity and Old World style.
Ruby color. Aromas of pomegranate chutney, toffee, and clay with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, roasted pepper, cedar, grape leaf, and nut finish with superfine tannins. Lovely restraint and balance that bode well for pairings.
Garnet purple black color. Dense aromas of cassis jam, toffee, and spice cake with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, chocolate citrus, cedar and apple-vanilla custard accented finish.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of peppery spices and herbs and dried berries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, smooth craisin, cassis, olive tapenade, and chocolate citrus peel accented finish. A very attractive, superbly balanced and tasty cab.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of violet, honeycomb, raspberry compote, chocolate and vanilla with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, nut brittle, peppery spice and earth finish and chewy tannins. Delicious with great structure.
Deep ruby black color. Attractive aromas of spumoni gelato, coconut macaroon, roasted nuts, and vanilla custard with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a dill, pepper, and cassis chutney finish. A robustly flavorful, voluptuous cabernet that is sure to entice.
Garnet color. Aromas of lipstick, cherries and spice with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy well balanced, creamy mocha finish. A charming table wine.
Ruby color. Bright aromas and flavors of black cherry, malted chocolate, and praline with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy sweet citrus and dark berry accented finish. A delicious, nicely balanced merlot for all occasions.
Red brick color. Aromas of dark chocolate, roasted chestnuts, olives, herbs, and craisin with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, sour cherry, spiced plum skin, and chalk finish. A mature, old world styled merlot with a great earthy character. Will be great with short rib.
Garnet violet color. Dramatic aromas of spicy cranberry sauce, eucalyptus, sandalwood incense, and thyme honey gelato with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a lush blueberry, cocoa and mineral driven finish. An exciting blend of cabernet and Norton. A must try wine.
Dark garnet color. Bright aromas of boysenberries, cocoa, and spice with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a vibrant, well-balanced finish with nice acidity and fine tannins. A great sipper or pair with spicy lamb dishes.
Deep violet color. Rich aromas of malted chocolate, toasted cranberry bread, white clay, and dried-tomato with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a pleasant vanilla cream and spiced apple accented finish with fine tannins. A lovely balance and flavor.
Golden silver color. Aromas of honeyed dates and fig scone with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy apple, white blossom, and lemon finish. A very nice dry torrontes.
Pale golden color. Bold aromas of pickled banana pepper and honeyed, grilled grapefruit with a tangy, medium body and a mouthwatering, fresh cut grass and passionfruit custard accented finish. Great vibrancy and varietal character.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of spicy berry chutney and chocolate strawberries and oranges with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, citrus, melon and spice accented finish with dusty tannins. Great table friendly acidity.
Deep garnet purple color. Aromas of creme brulee, nuts, chocolate, and raspberry tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a gracefully poached apple and cherry accented finish with well-integrated tannins. A pleasure on it's own or with food.
Opaque with a ruby rim. Aromas of blackberry, black plum, dark earth, coffee, red bell pepper, cherry skin, dark chocolate, cloves and vanilla. Big, rich and robust flavors of chewy black cherries, cocoa vanilla and dark earth. Has a hint of vegetal sweet peppers, menthol, and tomato leaf. A touch boozy, but savory, well-balanced, and delicious.
Deep ruby red with a light red rim. Aromas of red cherries, raspberries and plums with beets and vanilla spice cake. Silky and voluptuous with the flavors of the fruits on the nose framed with a touch of earthy spice. Balanced and classic, long cherry-mushroom-spice Pinot Noir finish. Very classy.
Ruby color. Rich aromas of chocolate, beet, herb, and berry pie with a supple dryish medium body and a savory roasted carrot and spiced nut finish. A lovely very balanced table wine with a great Old World character.
Deep garnet black color. Powerful aromas and flavors of chocolate espresso bean, mint, eucalyptus, and dried berries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, herb, spice, and blood orange accented finish and fine tannins. Very unique and table friendly, serve with exotic game dishes.
Deep ruby color. Aromas of roasted peppers, cassis pie, and chocolate with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, blood orange, spice, and sour cherry accented finish. A nicely balanced and fruit forward cabernet that covers a lot of bases.
Violet color. High-toned aromas of mocha, roasted nuts, and toasty blueberry cobbler with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long menthol-mint, dried wild strawberry, cedar, and earth nuanced finish with fine, balancing acidity and tannins. A superb sipper or table wine that will excel with lamb and short rib.
Garnet color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate coffee beans and nuts and huckleberry tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body with damson plums, cedar, and earth on the drying, chewy tannin finish. A very nicely structured red wine that will excel at the table.
Deep cherry red with a velvet rim. Aromas of sweet red cherries, Damson plums, black raspberry, vanilla bean and creme caramel. Ripe, luscious flavors of wild strawberries, black raspberries and crushed blackberries with ripe tannins and vanilla. Over the top flavors, silky and balanced. Finish is fruit forward without lots of complexity.
Pale golden straw color. Aromas of whole pineapple, roasted nuts, apples, and clay with a crisp, dryish medium body and a mineral, citrus, and earth accented finish. A very nice Old World styled chardonnay. Impressive in its restraint and balance.
Golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of caramel apple and pineapple cake with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, mouthwatering lemon curd accented finish. Great vibrancy and purity of flavor. Delicious.
Silvery straw green color. Aromas of lemon spritzed apple, chalk, and dried lime with a fruity medium body and a jazzy peach and kiwi driven finish with nice fruit tannins and minerality. A dead ringer for a fine German riesling.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of caramel apple, lemon tart, and pineapple cake with a crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy mandarin orange and Key lime accented finish with nice chewy fruit tannins. A superb, refreshing and delicious off-dry vignoles.
Deep garnet color with a fading rim. Minutely oxidized aromas of black raspberry vinaigrette, dried Montmorency cherries, coconut, and bread pudding with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and long, peppery finish with notes of baking spices, sundried tomato, and minerals. A complex zin for the table. Drink up.
Garnet color. Aromas of spicy raspberry compote, peppercorn, and chocolate yogurt with supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and nice savory, pickling spice twist on the long chewy tannin finish. A very nice claret style zinfandel that will cover a lot of bases.
Deep violet color. Aromas of raspberry pie and chocolate mousse with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a lush, creamy vanilla, pomegranate, and mineral finish. A very stylish sipper or table wine.
Dark ruby color. Rich craisin, roasted pepper and tomatoes, clay, and spicy gherkin aromas and flavors with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, sour cherry, mint, and peppercorn accented finish with fine tannins. Great flavors and sense of place. Pair with spicy lamb dishes.
Golden color. Rich aromas of buttery cashew brittle, pickling spices, and apple tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy Meyer lemon, green apple, relish, and vanilla cream accented finish. A delicious, zesty chardonnay for all occasions.
Pale golden color. Aromas of lemon meringue pie and apple custard with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a elegant, creme Anglaise, baking spice, melon and pineapple finish. A stylish chardonnay for all applications.
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic ®, Certifed Organic, Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet black color. Complex aromas of spicy boysenberry custard tart, honeyed cherries, and mango sorbet with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, lingonberry, beet, pencil shaving, and earth accented finish. A robust sipper or table wine to pair with spicy Latin or Asian meat dishes.
Pale gold with a faint amber cast. Bright aromas of spiced apple and peaches and nut brittle with a fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy, clementine and melon accented finish. Very tasty and nice structure for anything.
Ruby black color. Rich aromas of smoked nuts and meat and pickled cherries and melon with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering finish of craisin, cedar, dried apple, chocolate nuts, and spice with fine, earthy tannins. An elegant sipper or table wine.
Clear with a platinum blue cast. Attractive aromas of nectarine jam, white grape, coconut water, and nougat are quite vinous with an effervescent fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy ripe apple, honeyed pear and spice finish. Very pure and flavorful.
Pale nickel with a straw cast. Aromas and flavors of Asian pear, marinated cucumber, and peppercorn with a silky dryish medium body and a touch of anise, coconut water, radish sprouts, and root vegetable on the elegant, mouthwatering finish. A great sake for the table.
Intriguing aromas of yuzu citrus, honeydew, rain water, pine needle, and ironed linen with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a lingering anise, pear, almond and sweet cream driven finish. A delicious and satisfying gingo that will also appeal to fans of pinot grigio.
Aromas of creamy nougat, meringue, pink pepper, and potato skin with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a slick coconut water, vanilla cream, anise, brown spice, and melon finish. A delicious and artfully balanced sake for sipping or the finest blue fin sushi.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of chocolate, leather, dried berries and meats with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy blueberry, praline, mocha and spice finish. Great varietal character, structure and intensity. Pair with bison and elk.
Dark garnet violet color. Aromas of creamy tapioca and toasty berry pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy sour cherry, praline, vanilla and toasty cedar accented finish. A delicious and balanced oak nuanced pinot noir for all applications.
Light cherry red with a pale red rim. Aromas of cherry, boysenberry, nougat and plum with a touch of forest floor. Medium-bodied with silky cherry flavors with a hint of vanilla, beet, mineral, and bright citrus balance. Precise, very New World and driven by the pure fruit.
Dark ruby garnet color. Bold aromas of roasted coffee beans, cacao nibs, and crusty cherry pie with silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a elegant marinated beet,roasted chestnut, and earth accented finish. A uniquely flavorful and classy pinot for sipping or the table.
Dark garnet black color. Aromas of chocolate mint, lavender, blackberry custard pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and along, tangy interplay of pure berry fruit, cedar, and flowers with chewy, gripping tannins. A very interesting and delightful cabernet that will age well or pair brilliant with pink peppercorn encrusted steak.
Silvery straw color. Bold oak and fruit aromas of sweet pepper, grapefruit, gherkin, and toasty profiterole with a tangy, medium body and a citrus custard, passionfruit, green apple, and delicate baking spice accented finish. Balanced oak makes this a pleasure to drink.
Brilliant ruby color. Aromas and flavors cranberry, herbs, peppery spicy and menthol mint with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy pink peppercorn, nut, roasted beet, and lingonberry accented finish. A deliciously spicy and savory pinot that will excel at the table.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of toasted olive bread, vanilla, chocolate nuts, and blueberry tart with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy craisin, mossy oak, vanilla, and peppery spice accented finish. Very nice acidity and earthiness for the table.
Rich ruby color. Inviting aromas and flavors of warm, freshly made raspberry and strawberry preserves with a hint of sweet pickle. Tangy and fruity sweet with medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering blood orange, apple skin, and mineral accented finish. Great purity and style.
Silvery straw color. Aromas of brioche, lemon curd and mango chutney with a tangy, effervescent fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, vibrant sweet citrus, green apple, and spice finish. Great intensity and length.
Ruby black with a faded rim. Lightly oxidized aromas of overripe cherries and bananas, polished wood, chestnuts, and berry vinaigrette with a supple, tangy medium body and a lifted pomegranate, herb, spice, and grassy earth accented finish. Very traditional and table tuned in style. Try with rabbit stew and pasta.
Deep red with a brick red rim and lightly stained legs. Aromas of red cherries, wild strawberries, red bell peppers, crushed plums, red roses, and lingonberry. Soft and spicy, jam packed with cherry and savory herbs, mushroom duxelle, roast meat and black pepper. Wild and complex with the pure cherry notes carrying thru to the end along with herbs, heirloom tomato jam and mushroom.
Opaque with a deep red rim and lightly stained legs. Aromas of black raspberry, black currant, cherry compote, vanilla and licorice. Full and round with black cherry and plum flavors, vanilla, allspice and a hint of leather.
Purple black color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered blueberries, creamy mocha, and delicate peppery spices with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, sour cherry, nut, cedar, and sweet spice accented finish. Great structure and vibrancy.
Deep violet black color. Aromas and flavors of toffee, raspberry cream pie, and coconut flakes with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy spiced cherry and pepper accented finish. A rich, fruit bomb that is a sheer delight to drink.
Light ruby with a pale brick rim. Aromas of morello cherry, wild raspberry, fraise du bois, red currant, vanilla, clove, nutmeg and exotic mushrooms. The highly fragrant nose leads to silky and seductive notes of forest floor, cherry compote, wild strawberries, grilled mushrooms and cocoa nibs. Long complex finish perfectly frames the wine for another sip.
Pale gold with a silvery cast. Aromas of apple on the tree and vanilla yogurt coated nuts with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless pear and earth nuanced finish. Great understated balance and pure, supple flavors. Quite enticing.
Pale golden color. Interesting aromas and flavors of toasty spiced nuts, yeasty peach custard pasty, and melon with hint of apricot vinaigrette and a fruity sweet medium body and a tropical fruit, golden raisin and honey finish with a nice layer of limestone minerality. Great flavor and sense of place.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas of berry pie, chocolate nuts, twigs, and olive with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy cranberry, herb, and earth accented finish. Pinpoint balance and restraint that will bode well at the table.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of vanilla custard, spiced apple, and pineapple with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy sweet citrus, praline, and creme Anglaise accented finish. A solid sophisticated chardonnay that artfully balances fruit and oak.
Aromas of chocolate fondue, dried cherries, and toasty pound cake with a tangy, fruity sweet medium-full body and a long raisin, spice, and marzipan frosting finish with chewy tannins. Delicious and a great after dinner or dessert treat.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate, toasted cedar bark, spiced mulberries, herbs, and praline with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy sandalwood, sour cherry, chocolate, and ground walnut finish. A robust, flavor packed chambourcin with great style and table affinity.
Violet black color. Bold, layered aromas and flavors of spicy blueberry chutney, spumoni gelato, mint, and lilac with a silky, fruity sweet medium body and a dried sour cherry, spiced prune, and rhubarb accented finish. Very exotic and intriguing flavors that will be great with cheeses or berry pie a la mode.
Garnet black color. Effusive aromas of cracked peppercorns, gherkin, cedar, hemp, and mulberries with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a long spiced plum, cacao nib, toasty oak and herb accented finish. Very distinctive and a great choice for peppered steaks, elk chops, and other game.
Golden yellow color. Toasty aromas of roasted lemon, guava, and passionfruit pastry with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy delicately smoky, nougat, pineapple creme brulee, and spiced apple accented finish. Nice purity, balance, and vibrancy of flavor; this could easily pass for a much more expensive chardonnay or white Burgundy.
Golden color. Bold oaky aromas of toasted hazelnut brittle, vanilla cream and roasted pineapple with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, spiced apple, nougat, and meringue finish. A delicious wood accented chardonnay that screams Napa. Pair with plank roasted fish.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of clay, creamy mocha, and blackberry cobbler with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, creamy vanilla and spice accented finish with well-integrated tannins.
Garnet violet color. Aromas and flavors of pencil shavings, dried currants, cracked pepper, olive, and chocolate nut fudge with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, cedar and peppery spice accented finish with fine tannins. Excellent flavor, structure, and balance.
Dark garnet color. Attractive aromas of spumoni gelato, spicy gherkin, nougat, and suede with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a creamy vanilla, roasted nut, and floral incense with ultra fine tannins. Uniquely flavorful and inviting.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of black olive, dried currant, sandalwood, and cashew with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, savory chocolate, mulberry, and hay finish. A great combination of table-friendly fruit, oak and terroir.
Dark ruby with a red brick rim. Mature aromas suggest dried currants, leather, olive, almond custard, and forest floor with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, pomegranate sorbet and silt accented finish with plush tannins. Drinking very well now with great varietal character and balanced oak. A great choice for filet mignon with mushrooms.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of dried cherries and berries, clay, olive and cedar with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, chocolate, pomegranate, nutshell, and mineral finish with firm, powdery tannins. Give this a little time.
Garnet violet color. Attractive aromas and flavors of cassis pie, cocoa nuts, pickling spices, olive, and toasty cedar with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, dried blueberry and mineral accented finish with round tannins. Delicious and structured for enjoyment now or later.
Garnet violet color. Bold aromas of chocolate, cassis, spicy hot pickles, and bbq pepper rub with a satiny smooth, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a plush, spiced blackberry, nut, and cedar accented finish. A playful and classy range of flavors and textures.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of chocolate coconut macaroon, honeycomb, gherkin, and cassis jam on toast with supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and vanilla nut and cedar accented finish and chewy, earthy tannins. Excellent structure for the table.
Deep ruby black with a fading rim. Aromas of eucalyptus, spicy blueberry jam, and clay with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a spicy, honeyed nut, cigar box, and earth accented finish with fine tannins. A nice mature cabernet for the table; pair with exotic game or prime rib.
Garnet black color. Aromas of nougat, leather and dried blackberry with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, berry, cocoa, and spice finish with fine, dusty tannins. A great, vibrant table wine.
Dar ruby garnet color. Jazzy aromas and flavors of spicy blueberry pie, menthol mint, açai and goji berry with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a sleek, mouthwatering pomegranate finish with chewy tannins.
Dark garnet violet color. Aromas and flavors of olives, peppers, roasted nuts, wild strawberries and sour cherries have a savory bretty note with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, craisin, cedar, and earth accented finish. A delicious and intricate old world styled Bordeaux blend.
Garnet color. Aromas of cedar, vanilla, spicy nougat, and dried cherries and tomatoes with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy plum tart, baking spices and herb bread accented finish. A finesseful and savory merlot that will sing at the table.
Toasty aromas of pineapple and coconut creme pies with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a generous and juicy spiced apple, vanilla, and nut finish. Well structured and very flavorful.
Golden color. Oak forward aromas of roasted nuts, grilled coconut, balloon, and beeswax with a dryish medium body and tangy honeyed lemon, green apple, and melon accented finish. Great acidity and structure with a deft touch of oak for sipping or the table.
Scarlet amber color. Aromas of berries and cherries in cream and almond nougat with fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy, ripe blood orange finish. A zesty choice for sipping or spicy foods.
Garnet violet. Attractive aromas of spicy berry pie, vanilla caramel gelato, and chocolate mint with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, blood orange, herb, and spiced apple finish with chewy, appetizing tannins. Very flavorful and stylish.
Golden yellow color. Exotic citrus and flower aromas with an interesting herbal note. Crisp and lightly carbonated on the palate with a fruity sweet medium body and a tangy spiced peach and pear skin finish. Very tasty and appetizing on its own or with cheeses.
Garnet. Aromas of cassis and lime sorbets, creamy vanilla, green olive, clay, and pickling spices with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, blackberry cobbler, nutskin and earth finish. Great structure for the table.
Silvery pink color. Aromas of strawberries in cream and cherries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and zesty lemon spritzed melon accented finish. Very tasty, fruity, and refreshing for sipping or the table.
Pale platinum color. Fragrant aromas of honeysuckle, lychee, and nectarine with a crisp, fruity medium body and a tangy honeyed clementine, yellow apple, and melon finish. A delicious and well balanced aromatic white wine that will be great on its own or with lighter fare.
 Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
Silvery straw color. Aromas of dried citrus, lip balm, and baked nectarine with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a light smoked toasted nut, chalk, and apple skin finish. Tasty and very table friendly with spot on varietal character.
Garnet black color. Aromas of dried boysenberries, nougat, cherry cider, and putty with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a juicy honeyed nut and cedar accented finish with fine leafy tannins. A very pure expression of cabernet franc for sipping or the table.
Ruby color. Complex aromas and flavors of chocolate mint, cherry and orange marmalades, and and dill pickles with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a toasted meringue, pepper, and mineral accented finish. A wonderfully savory pinot for the table, especially roasted pork.
Garnet color. Aromas of cherry compote, banana custard, cedar, and sweet spices with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nicely concentrated plum, boysenberry and nut accented finish. A deliciously balanced pinot for sipping or the table.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate cream, cherry pie, toasted nuts with a silky, fruity medium body and a vibrant citrus, pepper, beet and melon accented finish. Very tasty and well balanced.
Deep ruby color. Aromas of dark roasted nuts, mocha, and lingonberries with a tangy, medium body and a refreshing sour cherry, marinated beet, and earth accented finish. Great style and substance.
Dark ruby color. Aromas of cherry liqueur, spicy pickle, brewer's yeast and orange-mint jelly with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp cranberry, blueberry custard, sassafras, and toasted nut finish. Nice variety and dimension of flavors.
Aromas and flavors of clay, nougat, and dried berries with a supple, dryish medium body and tangy blood orange and beet accented finish. A great, mouthwatering table wine.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of mocha, cranberry jelly and cherries, and peppered steak tartare with egg with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a rich, savory finish. An elegant, finely balanced zinfandel for sipping or rich lamb and beef dishes.
Purple black color. Aromas of toasty raspberry tart and caramelized bacon with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy, tangy, chocolate sour cherry, menthol mint, and nut brittle accented finish. A fun, flavor-packed zin that is sure to please.
Garnet color. Rich aromas or raspberry compote, vanilla nut fudge, and a mint with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, cherry tart, peppery spice, and cedar finish. A fun, flavorful, and very well balanced zin for all occasions.
 Certified Organic 
Inky purple color. Aromas of dried cherries, melon sorbet, and chocolate pound cake with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a menthol mint, nut brittle, and earth accented finish. Nice complexity.
Bright light garnet color. Aromas of orange blossoms and sorbet and honey with a fruity sweet, effervescent medium body and a tangy golden raisin, peach soda, and tangerine finish. Deliciously refreshing.
Dark garnet black color. Dense aromas of roasted carrots and pork, cinnamon, and plums with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy citrus spritzed melon, cocoa, and spice accented finish. A refreshing and polished red for the table.
Dusty ruby color. Aromas of herbs, honeycomb, mixed berry compote, and peppercorns with a silky, dryish medium body and a supple, dryish medium body and a chocolate mint and borscht accented finish. A great choice for sauerbraten and Beijing duck.
Ruby black color. Aromas of chocolate raisins and nuts, cherry cider, and orange blossoms with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy candied orange, apple, mocha, and craisin finish with chewy tannins. A delicious, vibrant, and versatile table wine; try with osso bucco.
Garnet color. Lush aromas of toffee, mocha frosting, and berry tart with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy sour cherry, roasted nut, and chocolate spiced pear accented finish. A delicious oaky sipper or table wine.
Golden amber color. Aromas of spicy baked apple and pears and honey with a silky, fruity sweet medium-full body and a long, candied citrus and melon sorbet finish. Great balanced and style; try with apple pie a la mode.
Garnet purple color. Bright aromas of boysenberry jam and cherry pie with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and tangy green apple skin, spiced melon and nut accented finish. Very tasty and appetizing for the table.
Garnet purple color. Aromas and flavors of lilac, huckleberry gelato, and praline with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mouthwatering berries and cream nuanced finish. A stylish sipper or table wine.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of honeycomb and berry cobbler with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, chocolate craisin, apple, and spice finish. A delicious. vibrant sipper or pair with spicy Latin meat dishes.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of peach custard and passionfruit with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a yellow apple, honey and mineral accented finish. A dry, elegant, and balanced old world styled viognier for every application.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of roasted nuts and peaches and spiced apples with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a pear custard, praline, citrus, and delicate peppery radish finish. A lively and flavorful sake that will pair well with spicy foods.
Creamy bone white color. Mild aromas of coconut cream and apple bread with a supple and chunky, fruity medium-to-full body and a honeyed pineapple, radish, and banana custard accented finish. A nicely balanced dessert sake.
Silvery pink color. Floral aromas and flavors of apricot jam and orange blossoms with a frothy, fruity sweet medium body and tangy citrus, melon, and cranberry sorbet and phosphate finish. A refreshing, zesty, off-dry sparkler.
Bright golden yellow color. Fruity aromas and flavors of peach sorbet, orange blossom honey and golden raisin with a fruity sweet medium body and tangy sweet citrus, grape, and delicate creamy spice finish. A wonderfully vibrant dessert wine.
Golden yellow color. Pleasant aromas of melon, cheese rind, edamame, and marinated cucumber with a silky, fruity medium body and a lively melon sorbet and pepper finish. A delicious and purely flavored mead; serve with Thai food.
Dark garnet black color. Aromas of berry compote, toffee and clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy pomegranate sorbet, marinated root vegetable, and cherry accented finish with supple tannins. A stylish, balanced Napa cab.
Garnet black color. Bright aromas of black peppercorn, boysenberry tart, and cherry pipe tobacco with a velvety, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, interesting, medium-long, vanilla custard and baking spices finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A supple and delicious red blend for all occasions.
Violet black color. Mellow aromas of bacon, mulberry tart, and chocolate S'mores with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, medium length, toffee, craisin, earth, and vanilla cream finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A supper and attractive red blend that is sure to please.
Brick red bronze color. Rich aromas of waxy honeycomb, prunes, vanilla bean, and craisins with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium length, marinated beets and tomatoes, toffee, and cedar finish with soft tannins and moderate oak. A robust, earthy and savory expression of cabernet franc. Drink now.
Ruby color. Bright aromas of vanilla toffee, citrus blossoms, and berry danish with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-long, pickled beets, pomegranate, and herbs finish with medium tannins and light oak. A great spicy, herbal expression of cabernet franc that will sing at the table.
Opaque ruby color. Inviting aromas of black currant, black raspberry, vanilla, and licorice with a velvety, medium-full body and a smooth, medium-long, blackberry, red licorice, currants, and cherry cobbler finish with medium tannins. Juicy, generous and dense with firm enough tannins to balance and sing with food, but enough complexity and stuffing to enjoy on its own.
Opaque violet black color. Lively aromas of blossoms, cassis, and olive with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, medium-long, dried berry, spice, and sandalwood finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A delicious, zesty cabernet that is sure to please.
Opaque garnet color. Rich aromas of black currant, black raspberry, cherry, and cigar box with a lightly tannic, dry medium-full body and a complex, long, black currant, crushed black cherry, blackberry, and toasty vanilla finish with medium tannins and heavy oak. Dense and concentrated black currant, black cherry and blackberry flavors are intertwined with toasty vanilla, roast beef and cigar box all in balance with well-integrated, toothsome tannins.
Opaque ruby color. Rich aromas of black raspberry, black currant, roasted strawberry, and vanilla bean with a tannic, dry full body and a warming, complex, medium-long, black currant, smoked cherry, black plum, and bittersweet chocolate finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. Bold and brooding with classic black currant and chewy plum flavors framed by toothsome tannins and dense bitter chocolate notes through the long finish.
Opaque violet black color. Aromas of boysenberry pie a la mode, pistachio nougat, and banana blossoms with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, long, mocha creme brulee, blackberry gelato, spiced apple, and earth finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A big, delicious cab that was made to please.
Brick red color. Bold aromas of black currant, black cherry, blackberry, and vanilla spice with a velvety, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long, black currant, cigar box, vanilla, and crushed berries finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Go ahead and treat yourself, you deserve the layers of dark fruit, spice, vanilla and cigar box all wrapped up in a silky, juicy package.
Brick red color. Spicy aromas of cherry, blackberry, pepperoni, and dried herbs with a soft, body and a peppery, complex, medium-long, black cherry, fennel, cured meat, and crushed boysenberry finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Explosive juicy fruit and meaty flavors, full and robust, balanced by supple tannins and a peppery edge.
Ruby color. Aromas of roasted espresso bean, dried berries, and roasted root vegetable with a silky, medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long, subtle herbs, brown spices, nuts, and cedar finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. An elegantly styled cabernet for sipping, the table, or the cellar.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate mint, pickled peppers, dried currants, and cedar with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, long, herbs, cassis, and spiced cherries finish with soft tannins and moderate oak. A superb cabernet, with amazing complexity for the price.
Clear pale silvery straw color. Aromas of melon rind, bread pudding, overripe pear, and nougat with a silky, fruity medium body and a warming, medium length, dried pineapple, tapioca, mineral, and delicate Asian spice finish. A hearty, savory and fruity sake that will stand up to bigger dishes.
Dark violet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of blueberry pie a la mode and spiced apples with a vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish with impressions of vanilla cream and savory root vegetable with chewy tannins and light oak. A vibrant and tasty red that will be great with robust meat dishes.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Golden straw color. Floral aromas and flavors of peach, pineapple, cherry blossom, and Meyer lemon with a creamy, bright, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a polished, complex, medium-long finish with accents of charentais melon, yellow plum, creek stones, and lemon chiffon with no tannins and no oak. Jam packed with indulgently ripe fruit, creek stone minerality and cherry blossoms, a sweet, yet bright tone of citrus keeps all the fruit and top notes in check.
Steel gray color. Lively aromas and flavors of nectarine, white pineapple, lemon blossom, and limestone with a silky, racy, dry medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish with impressions of lemon, lime, tart apple, and pear with no tannins and no oak. Electric from start to finish.
Medium garnet color. Oaky aromas and flavors of baking spice, blackberry, leather, and plum with a velvety, soft, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-length finish with impressions of espresso, black licorice, and vanilla with chewy tannins and moderate oak. Dark and bold, this Barbera goes for the gusto with a big, chewy style with plenty of dark fruit, espresso and generous oak.
Dark garnet blue violet color. Savory aromas and flavors of teriyaki jerky, smoked nuts, and berry pie crust with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, interesting, medium-long finish with overtones of pickled root vegetables, spiced pear, and earth with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A wonderfully savory and table friendly cab franc.
Dark garnet black color. Toasty aromas and flavors of roasted nuts, chocolate espresso beans, and dried berries with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful finish with suggestions of cedar, cornichon, and earth with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and well-structured cabernet that is sure to please on its own and with food.
Golden yellow color. Toasty aromas and flavors of roasted coconut and pineapple cake with a satiny, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long finish with accents of kiwi, apple tart, and lime curd with medium tannins and moderate oak. A robust, seamless chardonnay that drinks like it's much more expensive that it is.
Golden yellow color. Mellow aromas and flavors of Meyer lemon, dill, and waxy honeycomb with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, delightful, breezy finish with shades of green apple and grassy earth with fruit tannins and no oak. A stylish and nuanced chardonnay with a nod to the Old World.
Pale golden yellow color. Floral aromas and flavors of rose, peach, and lychee with a silky, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, delightful, medium-long finish with impressions of clementine and honey with no oak. A delicious and satisfying white wine with a great combination of fruit and structure.
Silvery straw color. Floral aromas and flavors of peony, spicy peach tart, and almond nougat with a silky, tangy, off-dry medium body and a smooth, medium-length finish with suggestions of lemon sorbet, mandarin orange, and lime with no tannins and no oak. A deliciously zesty and refreshing off-dry sipper that is certain to please.
Pale straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of ripe apples and red Jonathan apple skin with a supple, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, interesting, medium-length finish with overtones of lime and mineral with no oak. A brilliant riesling.
Yellow color. Mild aromas and flavors of pineapple cream, apple, and delicate spice with a silky, tangy, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, medium-length finish with shades of lime sorbet, dried peach, and clay with no oak. A delicious, well balanced riesling that will cover a lot of bases.
Dark garnet violet black color. Peppery aromas and flavors of chocolate mole, marinated beets, and dried berries with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, intriguing, medium-long finish with suggestions of creamy vanilla, nougat, and pineapple marmalade with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A rich, voluptuous zinfandel.
Pale silvery straw color. Bright attractive aromas and flavors of tropical fruit salad, sweet cream, yellow cherry, and white blossom with a vibrant, fruity medium body and a graceful, interesting, medium-length finish with suggestions of pineapple sauce, spice apple, and clementine with fruit tannins and no oak. A deliciously different, refreshing and tropical chardonnay.
Opaque dark garnet color. Complex aromas and flavors of sour cherries, turned earth, and potters clay with a gritty, crisp, bone-dry full body and an astringent, complex, medium-length finish with firm tannins and heavy oak. A wine that would soften with well-marbled red meats.
Medium ruby violet color. Complex confected aromas and flavors of small champagne grapes, blue flowers, and herbed honey with a supple, bright, sweet full body and a smooth, complex finish with fruit tannins and no oak. This would work nicely in a gin based cocktail.
Golden straw color. Lively interesting aromas and flavors of cornichon, grilled pineapple, and roasted nut brittle with a supple, crisp, under-carbonated, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, intriguing, medium-long finish with impressions of spiced apple and honeyed lemon with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious, stylish chardonnay with distinctive aromatics and fine tuned balance.
Golden silver color. Toasty, creamy aromas and flavors of apricot creme brulee, peach cobbler, and white toffee with a satiny, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-length finish with notes of spiced pear and delicate pepper with fine tannins and light oak. A rich, delicious white Rhone blend with fine balance and a very soft texture.
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic ®, Certifed Organic, Organically Grown Grapes 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic 
Dark ruby with a brick rim. Old world like aromas of leather, dried cherries, peppercorn, and dried meat with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a salty roasted beet and vanilla accented finish. A wonderful savory table wine; try with pot roasts.
Pale golden color. Aromas of toasty peach cream pie and lemon ice with a crisp, fruity medium-to-full body and a nicely balanced melon, Meyer lemon, and limestone finish. A great sipper or table choice.
Violet ruby bright clear color. Aromas and flavors of cranberries, alcoholic vapors, ripe cherries, and mocha & violets with a lightly tannic, crisp, fruity medium-full body and a mildly astringent finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. Let this breathe a bit.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Bright clear garnet color. Inviting aromas and flavors of spiced berries, cream, tree bark, and barnyard yeast with a tannic, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a mildly astringent, charming, brisk finish with barky tannins and light oak. A slight chill would not hurt this wine at the table.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Violet black color. Toasty aromas and flavors of chocolate mint, eucalyptus, and blackberry jam with a satiny, tangy, medium-to-full body and a graceful, amusing, medium-length finish with notes of nougat, peppery spice, and beet with silky tannins. A rich savory shiraz that will be great with food.
Ruby color. Aromas of ripe cherries and floral honeycomb with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length beets and pepper finish with light oak. A nice savory pinot.
Salmon ruby color. Inviting aromas and flavors of spiced strawberries, cherry butter, and nougat with a satiny, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, intriguing, medium-long finish with touches of spice, savory citrus, and minerals with fine tannins and light oak. A very nuanced and delicious, adult rosé.
Deep garnet violet color. Rich aromas of coconut creme Anglaise, exotic tropical fruit salad, and raspberries with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, honeyed beet and carrot accented finish with dusty tannins. A hedonistic table friendly pinot.
Aromas of creamy mocha, honeycomb, pickle, and dried cherry with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, citrus marmalade, vanilla and smoked nut accented finish. Balanced and flavorful.
 Kosher
Dusty ruby color. Attractive aromas of chocolate, cherry, and graham cracker with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy chocolate covered raisin and peppery spice finish. A big porty zin that is very yummy.
Bright golden yellow color with a fine mousse rim. Aromas of vanilla almond nougat and lemon pie with a highly effervescent, tangy medium-to-full body and a long, racy citrus and mineral accented finish. A fine, mouthwatering, 'not too sweet' demi-sec.
Deep violet black color. Aromas of waxy honeycomb, roasted beet and tomato, dried cherries and earth with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and long, silky spice and mineral finish. A superb petite sirah.
Deep violet black color. Aromas white chocolate toffee, dried dark berries, and toasted caramel cake with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, blueberry cobbler, pomegranate and roasted almond nuanced finish. Nicely styled.
Minerally, diesel and honeyed nectarine aromas with a dry, light body and a crisp, lemon-lime and chalk finish. A dry, seriously structured riesling for the table.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Dusty garnet color. Expressive aromas of spiced plums and dried flowers with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a plush, chocolate, açai and rooibos tea finish. A great food wine.
Deep purple color. Aromas of butter roasted nuts, earth, and pomegranate sorbet with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, lightly smoky nut, cranberry and earth finish. Excellent structure and balance.
Pale golden color. Aromas of honeycomb, peach cake, and lemon custard with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, citrus and spice accented finish. Very elegantly styled.
Silvery pink color. Lively aromas of passionfruit, fig, and cherry-apple custard with a crisp, effervescent, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a honeyed toast, lychee, lemon and poached apple finish. Tasty and refreshing.
Deep ruby black color. Very pretty aromas of apricot buttercream, macadamia nougat, and cherry tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a floral, herbal tea, white pepper, and cedar accented finish. A lush, structured red for meats at the table.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Deep golden color with a faint amber cast. Rich aromas of yellow rose and lychee with a satiny fruity medium-to-full body and honeyed apricot pastry and mossy stone accented finish. A plush and flavorful with a real Alsatian quality.
Bright golden silver color. Lovely aromas of peach marmalade and lemon pie with a tart, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a honeyed lemon and spiced apple finish. Excellent structure, flavor and depth.
Pale golden straw color. Aromas of dried flowers, nectarine souffle, and vanilla meringue with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, Meyer lemon and nougat accented finish. A complex, stylish viognier that will shine at the table.
Deep garnet color. Pleasing aromas of dried flowers, honeycomb, butter roasted nuts and cassis with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, citrus, vanilla and spice accented finish. A rock solid cabernet for all occasions.
Deep violet color. Bright fruity aromas of blueberry creme brulee, sweet potato and brown spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, nicely concentrated dried fruit, crunchy apple, and pencil shaving accented finish. Elegant.
Deep purple color. Aromas of roasted beets, baked berry, and peppery spices with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy, sour cherry, raspberry, and earth finish. A serious table wine.
Aromas of toasty blueberry muffin with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, creme brulee, toffee and berry compote finish with dusty tannins. Wonderfully balanced and juicy; will be a hit with Latin beef.
Dark ruby color. Steely aromas of roasted tomatoes, red clay, currant and tomato with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a savory sautéed carrot, dusty beet and berry finish. A rustic, Old World styled claret that will shine at the table.
Deep ruby black color. Lightly perfumed spiced plum, cedar and chocolate aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a rich, deeply concentrated dried berry, apple and peppercorn accented finish. Delicious.
Aromas of chocolate covered graham crackers, brown spice, and cherry sorbet with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, chewy, herbal tea, cocoa, cedar, and peppery spice finish. A powerful, delicious, age-worthy red.
Garnet color. Aromas of creamy spicy nougat and dried berry chutney with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, blackberry tart and crunchy apple finish. Very appealing as a sipper or table wine.
Dark ruby black color. Vibrant aromas of cassis, blueberry cobbler, and eucalyptus with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a firm, crunchy tannin finish with notes of cedar, apple and vanilla. Deliciously lively.
Deep garnet black color. Fruity aromas of chocolate raspberry, creme brulee, peppercorn and toasty cedar with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a pomegranate gelato, cedar, olive and firm tannin finish. Flavorfully structured for the table, especially grilled meats.
Aromas and flavors of chocolate mint, menthol, and blueberry jam with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a snappy cherry, licorice and mint accented finish. An immensely fun and flavorful, shiraz-like cabernet that is sure to please.
Aromas of dried bacon and honeyed cherries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a chewy cedar, apple, chocolate, pomegranate and peppery spice finish. Very tasty and will be great at the table.
Complex aromas of spiced plum, cherry, cocoa, and waxy honeycomb with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, savory spiced apple and earth driven finish with fine, chewy tannins. A great balanced choice for the table.
Deep garnet black. Aromas of tomato vine, soy, cranberry and pork rind with a supple, dryish medium body and a thyme, pepper, ink and lavender accented finish with fine tannins. A rustic, unique and fun table wine; try with goulash.
Rich aromas of berry pie a la mode, dusty brown spices, and smoked bacon with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, tangy, peppery spice and mulberry chutney finish with firm tannins. A wonderfully rich, well oaked red.
Aromas of boysenberry pie a la mode and melted toffee with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, tangy, elegant vanilla kissed finish. Stylish and balanced.
 Kosher
Pale golden color. Toasty coconut cream and apple pie aromas with a silky, fruity medium body and a long, tangy, seamless pineapple sorbet, kiwi, and spicy praline accented finish. Delicious and sure to please.
Pale golden color. Delicate pineapple, praline and lemon cream pie aromas and flavors with a fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a elegant melon, apple and spicy nut accented finish. Very nice.
Bright golden yellow color. Lush coconut macaroon and vanilla frosted pistachio cake aromas with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy lemon-kiwi sorbet and toasty meringue finish. A decadent confectionary styled chardonnay that is sure to please.
Aromas of cherry and celery sodas, pink peppercorn, and sweet spice with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, beet and sandalwood accented finish with firm tannins.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of baked wild strawberries, chocolate, and minty spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a spiced apple, blueberry, birch bark and powdery tannin finish. Impressive.
Dark ruby color. Lush warm boysenberry-blueberry pie a la mode, roasted nut, faint dried meat aromas with a silky, dryish medium-to-full body and a tart bloody orange and pencil shaving accented finish. A delicious and balanced everyday wine
Silver straw color. Aromas of peach, honey and orange blossoms with a effervescent fruity sweet medium body and a long, tangy candied apricot and lemon finish. Delicious and a beautifully structured.
Pale golden straw color. Delicate aromas of green and pickled jalapeno peppers and straw with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a vibrant cling peach, apple, and ruby grapefruit driven finish. Stylish; try with mushroom tart.
Rich aromas and flavors of green pepper, exotic tropical fruits, and grapefruit sorbet with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, hay, lemon pepper, and mineral accented finish. Great character and style.
Aromas of sautéed yellow pepper, bubblegum spice, and grapefruit-golden raisin chutney with a dry medium body and a haystack, fleur de sal and grapefruit zest driven finish. A nice dry, Old World styled table wine.
Beautifully lucid scarlet color. Delicate strawberry and cherry tart aromas with a fruity medium body and a cran-rasberry juice accented finish. A delicious tangy rose; serve with triple cream cheeses.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet color. A pleasing medley of baked berries and vanilla fudge aromas with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a ripe tomato and smoked cherry accented finish. A solid sipper or table wine; pair with rabbit.
Aromas of toasted marshmallow, spumoni ice cream, and chocolate strawberry with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a rich, sweet spice, nut, and marinated tomato accented finish. A fruit driven pinot with complexity, refreshment, and balance.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet violet color. Aromas of strawberry yogurt, pepper, and dried meat with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a charming, juicy, peppery spice accented finish. A fruity, nicely balanced pinot.
Smoked meat, chocolate covered espresso bean, honeycomb and berry pie aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy tart berry, apple, tomato and clay accented finish with chewy tannins. Nice complexity and subtlety.
Aromas of bacon and chocolate cherries with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smoked pork, spiced apple, and mineral finish. A solid choice for bbq.
Ruby with a red brick rim. Dense aromas of dried cherries, toasted coconut macaroon, and vanilla creme fraiche with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, lively, juicy plum, chocolate, tomato, citrus and pepper finish. Deliciously rich.
Violet color. Aromas and flavors of baked cherries, tomato chutney, fresh herbs and clay with a satiny dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, earthy craisin, creme brulee and praline accented finish. A sumptuously savory table wine with an elegant and refreshing Old World charm.
Ruby black color. Bright cherry, strawberry, raspberry, and vanilla-honey ice cream aromas and flavors with a tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering finish a spot on Dry Creek zin.
Dark purple color. Aromas of roasted pistachio brittle and berry creme brulee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tart cranberry, citrus marmalade, and peppery spice finish with chewy tannins. A flavorful, forceful and wonderfully structured zin.
Dark garnet black color. Aromas of coconut macaroon, buttery praline, and blackberry jam with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a chewy, nut brittle and peppery spice finish. A juicy, nicely poised zin.
Pure garnet color. Aromas of nougat, chocolate, baked berry and cedar with a zesty, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a bright cranberry, peppercorn, and grassy herb nuanced finish. A very nicely balanced, lighter-styled, mouthwatering zin for the table.
Deep garnet color. Lovely perfumed aromas of violets and buttery blueberry pie are vibrant with a soft, fruity medium body and honeyed cherry, cedar, and apple accented finish. A fun, carefree sipper or burger wine that is sure to please the crowd.
Ruby black color. Aromas of salted caramel chocolates and dried sour cherries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and tangy, black raspberry, peppery spice, and apricot accented finish. A delicious, vibrant, and intriguingly flavorful red blend.
Ripe chocolate mint, graham cracker, menthol, and sour cherry aromas and flavors with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy watermelon and spice accented finish. A fun, flavorful petit sirah
Aromas of incense, dark chocolate, baked plums, and peppery spice have great vibrancy and purity with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful spiced orange, cream, white pepper and melon accented finish. An excellent, elegant table wine.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Aromas of berry bush, chocolate peanuts, and honey custard with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, citrus gelato and spiced apple accented finish. Very tasty.
Bright chocolate, blueberry, and black pepper aromas with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, seamless finish with hints of spiced apple and earth. A flexible all purpose wine.
Berry gelato, melon, mocha latte, and root vegetable aromas with a supple, dryish medium body and a cedar, grilled tomato, pepper finish. A savory table wine.
Aromas of chocolate, herbs, black pepper, and raspberries with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy vanilla, berry pie, and roasted carrot accented finish. Very appetizing and flavorful in a savory style.
Deep garnet color. Attractive aromas of berry pie, chocolate, black olive, sandalwood incense and spice with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a gentle roasted nut and crunchy pear accented finish. A solid, dry table wine.
Aromas of magnolia, fig jam, and whipped cream with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a honeyed apple, starfruit, and earth finish. Great purity and style.
Rich chocolate dusted cocoa bean and mulberry aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a toasty cedar, spice, sundried tomato, and earth accented finish with chewy tannins. Nice complexity and style; will be great at the table.
Pale copper color. Apricot, golden raisin aromas and flavors with satiny fruity sweet full body and a tangy orange marmalade and spice. Very nice; pair with cream cheeses.
Deep ruby black color. Rich raspberry coulis aromas and flavors with a tangy, fruity sweet medium-full body and a pure crushed raspberry, herbal honey, tomato, and grassy earth finish. Excellent vibrancy and purity.
Aromas of nut praline, leather, orange chocolate sponge rum cake, and delicate spices with a a satiny medium-full body and a tangy, warming chocolate raisin, tobacco and dried apricot accented finish. A great post prandial.
Complex and integrated incense, raisin, melted chocolate, cherry, olive, grilled pepper and spice aromas and flavors with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, honeyed baked apple, sour cherry, and a tannic dusty mineral accented finish. Classy.
Ruby color. Bold spicy cherry and blueberry aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sundried tomato, craisin, herb, and spice finish. A vibrantly fruity and savory pinot for sipping or the table.
Ruby color. Aromas of roasted tomato and root vegetables and waxy chocolate cherries with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and tangy, raspberry tart and earth tannin finish. A very polished cabernet franc with a great savory character for the table.
Rich roasted coffee and dark chocolate, blackberry,pickled okra and pipe tobacco aromas with silky, dryish medium body and a tangy citrus and vanilla cream kissed finish. Good varietal character with a big dose of oak upfront. Very Chinon-like.
Deep garnet violet color. Interesting aromas of lavender, dried citrus, pomegranate tart, and thyme with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a plush, dried apple and flower, Asian spice, and earth finish. Great floral terroir makes this a very distinctive cabernet. Pair with spicy lamb dishes.
Ruby garnet color Coconut, red berry, cherry, olive, and pickling spice aromas and flavors with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a racy, cocoa and mineral finish. A zesty, flavorful sipper or table wine.
Aromas of chocolate mousse and nougat with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a racy cranberry, herb, mocha and pepper driven finish. A bold and zesty table wine.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of melted toffee, berries, cherries, mocha, and delicate spice with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy cranberry, mineral and spice finish with dusty tannins. A elegant blend of fruit and oak.
Aromas of buttery cherry pastry, leather, and vanilla nougat with a satiny fruity medium-to-full body and a long, creamy mocha,
Interesting aromas of watermelon, yellow pepper, dill pickle, and chocolate cherry with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, mouthwatering finish. A zesty sipper or food wine with a lot of character.
Rich aromas of vanilla, spiced cherries, nut brittle, and a hint of menthol-mint with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, citrus, cocoa, and spice accented finish. A big, racy pinot; pair with roasted dusk and ostrich.
Black cherries, crushed blackberry, black raspberries, licorice, vanilla bean and lingonberry with brown spices and a lush body, tannins well-integrated with the fruit and acid, balanced and long. Fairly complex balance of fruit, spice and dark candy.
Aromas of mocha and blackberry gelatos with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, plum, cocoa, nuts and peppery spice accented finish. A very nicely balanced merlot with great varietal character and judicious oak. Enjoy on its own or with spicy roasted pork.
Aromas of apple and peach pies with a silky fruity-yet dry medium body and a juicy ripe pineapple and angel food cake finish. Very tasty and charming choice for a get-together wine.
Aromas of dried flowers and honeyed, spiced apples and pears with a silky fruity light-to-medium body and a refreshing tangy citrus and grassy earth finish. A delicious sipper or pair with Mexican chicken dishes.
Earthy apple orchard grove and dried honey aromas and flavors with a silky, fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy citrus and nectarine finish. Nice complexity and sense of place; pair with smoked herring.
Aromas of nut oil, rubber, grilled peach, and roasted pumpkin seeds with a very soft dry-yet-fruity medium body with zesty peach and Meyer lemon notes on the finish. A delicate, elegant Gewurztraminer with an appetizing Old World character.
Dark ruby black color. Bright aromas of cassis, mint cream, baking spices and praline with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and tangy, chewy citrus and cedar accented finish. A spot on everyday Napa cab.
Intricate aromas of seared bacon fat, boysenberry jam on toast, and baking spice with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and juicy, finely balanced finish with apple pie and mineral notes. A lovely zin that will be a hit at parties.
Bright honeycomb and lemon rind aromas with a very fruity medium body and a tangy orange sorbet and faint fuel like mineral finish. A great off-dry riesling with a real spatlese-like Germanic mineral and honey streak; will be great with spicy grilled seafood.
Ruby black color. Aromas of baked cherries, pepper, vanilla, and spice with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, green apple, sandalwood incense and dusty earth finish. Nice complexity and style?will be great with a nice steak.
Aromas of lemon, apple and peach sorbets with a silky fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a juicy, honeyed finish with a dash of earth. Elegantly light in style, but very harmonious and flavorful.
Black cherry, boysenberry, blackberry, dark chocolate, black earth, black mushrooms, cassis and black raspberries lead to a rich, dry, moderately tannic palate with enough fruit and acid to keep in balance the big, dark fruit. Ripe and long on the well-balanced dark fruit and mocha filled finish.
Pure lemon sorbet and nectarine and earth aromas and flavors with a tangy, medium body and a long, mineral and delicate spice laden finish. Lovely balance and mouthwatering flavors make this a natural choice for fish dishes of all sorts.
Black raspberry, roasted cherry, dried lingonberry, roast butternut squash, vanilla, cracked pepper and baking spice lead to a ripe, almost over-the-top fat palate of mocha, black raspberry and baking spices, integrated tannins and a long, slightly drying finish.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate and vanilla fudge, dried cherries and raspberries, and smoked nuts with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy, tangy craisin and spice finish. A delicious sipper that is sure to please.
Rich aromas of spiced chocolate, blueberry pie, and faint eucalyptus leaf with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, herbal mint and peppercorn accented finish. A lively red that will shine with spicy Asian beef dishes.
Attractive chocolate pudding, toasty nougat, and raspberry jam aromas with a tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy toasted coconut, dried cherry, and spice finish with fine tannins. A deliciously appealing and vibrant zin for sipping or pizza.
Aromas of chocolate graham cracker and spicy boysenberries with a silky fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy toffee and sandalwood accented finish. A delicious and zesty pinot that will be great with Asian beef dishes.
Aromas of baked apples and pineapple jam on toast with a satiny fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy apple and clementine finish. Great purity and vivacity to the fruit? a real crowd pleaser.
Aromas of spicy, toasty nut brittle and chocolate covered espresso bean with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, juicy spiced apple and sweet carrot accented finish. A very tasty and food friendly red that is super choice for spicy Asian curries.
Lovely apple sauce and nectarine aromas with satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a plush, pure honeyed fruit and earth driven finish. A really classy pinot gris that tastes like an Alsatian. Pair with crab legs.
Aromas of raspberry custard pie, cocoa, and nougat with a silky fruity, medium-to-full body and a juicy, nut, apple, raisin and earth accented finish. A ripe, balanced zin that will work well with roasted poultry.
Aromas of smoked and dried cherries and acacia honey with a supple, fruity medium body and juicy, crunchy blueberry, vanilla and apple accented finish with chewy tannins. A wonderfully fruity and well structured red blend that will be great with grilled meats.
Rich creamy mocha and berry pie aromas with a silky fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, vanilla cream, craisin, honeycomb and peppery spice finish. A deliciously balanced and appetizing syrah; pair with spicy Mediterranean lamb dishes.
Ripe red cherries, black raspberries, licorice, damson plums and chewy blackberries with a robust, full body, persistent, but integrated tannins and long rich finish. Touch of rich vanilla bean and earthy cherry berry on the palate and finish. Big and broad, long and lasting finish.
White peach, yellow apples, pineapple, a touch of slatey minerality and ripe pear with jasmine, mango and honeysuckle. Silky mouthfeel has well-balanced acidity that keeps the luscious tropical fruit intact. Moderately long and balanced finish going back and forth from fruit to mineral to off dry to refreshing acidity.
Baked cherry, ripe black plums verging on prunes, raspberry jam, figs, cola and deep rich soil lead to a velvety rich palate ranging from perfectly ripe fruit and cola, silky tannins and a long, complex finish. Textbook Tempranillo.
Rich spicy plum custard pie chocolate toffee aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and spicy, chewy well balanced finish with dried apple and citrus notes. A fine sipper or table wine; pair with lamb.
Aromas of dried berries, chocolate cherries, and spicy turkey jerky with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, baked apple and marmalade finish. A zesty, flavorful syrah for sipping or pair with gourmet chili or sloppy joes.
Delicate aromas of peach and pineapple fruit salad with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, citrus and toasty spice accented finish. Great varietal fruit and balance here; pair with Cobb salad.
Lingonberry, crushed boysenberry, black raspberry, licorice, pomegranate, rhubarb and strawberry compote with a dense fruit cake mid-palate, a touch of cracked pepper and integrate tannins, finish moderately long and balanced ending with inky black licorice and black raspberries.
Golden yellow color. Bold roasted nut brittle, pineapple cake, and vanilla cream with silky, fruity medium-to-full body a long, tangy, juicy spiced apple and kiwi gelato finish. A beautifully poised and resonantly flavorful oak aged chardonnay.
Deep golden color. Bold aromas of spicy pineapple upside down cake and cream with a tangy fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, concentrated lemon and apple pie finish. A big, zesty chardonnay with a classy balance of fruit and oak.
Toasted nut and baked pineapple and apple aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy citrus, melon, and cream accented finish. Nice Old World style balance and purity of fruit. Pair with sautéed fish and seafood dishes.
Pale golden color. Aromas of toasted coconut and tropical citrus with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and tangy spiced apple, lime pie, and meringue finish. A delicious and lively chardonnay for all occasions.
Aromas of roasted nuts, mocha and baked citrus with supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a zesty kiwi, toasty lime tart, and mineral driven finish. A vibrant chardonnay for sipping or paired with spiced grilled seafood.
Rich black raspberry, cherry, chocolate, and spice aromas with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a jammy, zesty, blueberry, cedar, mineral and peppery spice accented finish. A delicious, mouthwatering zin that will cover a lot of bases.
Rich dark chocolate covered espresso bean and cherry-raspberry cobbler aromas and flavors with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy blueberry gelato, craisin and spice finish. A nicely complex, balanced and flavorful zin for sipping or pair with gourmet burgers.
Rich aromas of chocolate graham cracker, leather, and berry pie with a tangy fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a sour cherry, cocoa, and spice driven finish. A zesty, flavorful zin that will pair with with spicy pork dishes.
Aromas of chocolate, honey and cherry custard with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, toasted nut and mineral laden finish. A finely poised zin for the table. Pair with braised short rib.
 Certified Organic 
Pale straw color. Aromas of limes and peach jam with a crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a refreshing, tangy green apple, honey and mineral finish with crunchy fruit tannins. A spot on German riesling.
Aromas of dark roasted chestnuts, dried apple, and clay with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy, dried citrus, sour cherry, and green tomato accented finish with firm dusty tannins. A mature, Old World red that is made for the table; pair with braised meats.
Deep garnet violet color. Rich spicy aromas of boysenberries, pomegranate, cedar, and peppercorns with a tangy medium-to-full body and a crisp, sandalwood, nut and apple accented finish. Excellent spicy vibrant flavor with a lot of complexity; pair with bison.
Pretty silvery salmon color. Strawberry pie and cherry tart aromas and flavors with a fruity medium body and a precise, tangy, citrus and cream accented finish. A very snappy rose for all occasions.
Earthy, rustic aromas of ink, clay, and grilled nuts and mulberries with a soft, tangy medium body and a mushroom, tomato and forest floor nuanced finish. This wine was made for grilled game.
Garnet black color. Aromas of toffee, baking spices, sandalwood, and berry custard tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy pomegranate, peppered tomato, and herbal earth accented finish with fine tannins. A seriously structured table wine.
Attractive aromas of chocolate covered blueberries and mocha gelato with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nice dried meat, pepper, nut and earth nuanced finish. A great Latin steak wine.
 Kosher
Dark ruby color. Aromas of boysenberries, praline, anise and earth with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a berries and custard, pencil shaving, and pear accented finish. Nice styled with oak, serve with grilled pork dishes.
Bright golden yellow color. Aromas of lemon meringue and quince preserves with a vibrant tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and with a mouthwatering apple, pear and lime driven finish. A great sipper or table sparkler that will shine with spicy Thai food.
Aromas of nougat, tropical citrus and meringue with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, citrus, mineral and peppery spice driven finish. Refreshing and balanced.
Honeyed tropical fruit and melon sorbet aromas and flavors with a silky, fruity medium body and a tangy orange, mango and sweet cream accented finish. A delicious gruner for all occasions.
Aromas peach, lemon, apple and a faint hint of rubber with a silky, fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a tangy tropical citrus and grassy earth accented finish. A balanced, zesty riesling that will work with a broad range of cuisine.
Aromas of exotically spiced apples and peaches with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy white strawberry, clementine and grassy earth accented finish with gripping fruit tannins. A great choice for spicy Latin seafood dishes.
Golden yellow color. Mild aromas and flavors of tropical fruit pastry and yellow pepper with a silky, dryish medium-to-full body and a grassy well integrated finish with pinpoint acidity. Pair with sushi.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Attractive aromas and flavors of peaches and cream with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy nectarine skin and sweet spice accented finish. Great fruit and a charming crowd pleaser.
Silvery straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of green and jalapeno peppers, grapefruit, and guava with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, mouthwatering finish. Deliciously zesty; will be great with Baja-style grilled chicken.
Deep ruby black color. Layered aromas of plum tart, vanilla scented candle, and nougat with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy cranberry sauce, carrot, cedar, and nut accented finish. A zesty merlot for the table; pair with a red sauce meat dishes.
Deep ruby color. Smoky aromas of grilled cherries and peppers, roasted chestnuts, and dried meat with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an opulent, tangy cherry, tomato and spice finish. A great choice for duck.
Golden straw color. Rich pineapple cake, guava and caramel apple aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and dried apple, smoked nut and buttercream accented finish. A nicely nuanced, oak-influenced chardonnay.
Bright golden color. Bold roasted nut and baked apple aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a toasty, fruit bread and tropical citrus finish. A rock solid oak-driven chardonnay that will be great with roasted turkey.
Garnet color. Aromas of mocha nut fudge, vanilla custard, olive, and suede with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, meaty, dried berry, pepper, and coffee bean finish. A nicely concentrated and flavorful malbec for all applications.
Rich garnet color. Aromas of vanilla-peppermint bark, eucalyptus, roasted nuts, and spicy boysenberry pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body a zesty, nicely balanced spiced apple accented finish.
Lightly floral aromas of wild strawberries, clay, toffee, and pork rind with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy nicely balanced slate-like finish. A spot on nebbiolo for enjoying on its own or with food. Pair with marinated veal or pork loins.
Deep ruby color. Smoky roasted coffee and chocolate covered cherry aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy spiced apple, raspberry, and vanilla cream accented finish. A vibrant choice for tuna steaks and Peking duck.
Garnet black color. Aromas of pickled okra, toffee and sour cherry pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, vanilla, whole nut, soil, and spice kissed finish. A very attractive and balanced pinot for sipping or the table.
 Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
Plush aromas and flavors of blackberry pie, toffee, vanilla and peppered beets with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless, pear and pomegranate accented finish. A lovely table wine; pair with veal.
Garnet color. Decadent aromas of dried berries, cherries, spiced chai and toffee with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, pomegranate jam, candied citrus, beet, and herb accented finish. A finely tuned zin that will be a great sipper or food companion.
Amethyst color. Aromas of peanut butter, cocoa, and dried berries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, dark berry tart, apple sauce, cedar, and mineral nuanced finish with chewy tannins. Give this a year or two.
Violet. Dense aromas of dried berries, vanilla fudge, and pickled beets with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and round, tangy, stone fruit and mineral driven finish. A very nice range of attractive and savory flavors. Pair with peppered ham or tuna steaks.
Deep ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate cherry brownie, clay, olive and spice with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, chewy, pomegranate and pepper accented finish. A sturdy, zesty wine for the table. Pair with bison.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Garnet color. Rich chocolate cherry fudge and vanilla aromas with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, cedar, mineral and spice finish. A deliciously satisfying syrah for sipping or the table.
Aromas of sour cherry, honeycomb, leather, and chocolate graham cracker with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless vanilla, craisin and spice accented finish. A delicious and elegant syrah for sipping or the table.
Aromas of dried lime, berries, chocolate yogurt, and Asian spices with silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a sour cherry, craisin and cedar and mineral accented finish. A lively and juicy syrah for all occasions.
Pale golden color. Aromas and flavors of ripe peach, Meyer lemon, and melon with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering vanilla, tropical citrus, spice and mineral kissed finish. A very nice arc of flavors and texture.
Pale ruby color. Toasty cherry custard pastry and nut brittle aromas and flavors with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy sun-dried tomato, roasted nut, and pencil shaving accented finish. A very nice table wine with great flavor and balance.
Copper orange color. Aromas of strawberry cream pie and praline with lively, fruity sweet medium body and a melon sorbet, spiced cherry, and mineral accented finish. A delicious zesty sweet wine that will be great on its own or with cheeses and nuts.
Deep garnet black color. Dense aromas of dried fruits and berries, roasted yams and parsnips with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long tangy black raspberry puree, mineral, and oak spice finish. A delicious and well structured cab that will be great with elk.
Golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of honeyed, roasted pineapple, praline, and caramel apple with a silky fruity medium-to-full body a ripe, juicy well balanced finish. A delicious and elegant chardonnay for all applications.
Pale golden color. Aromas of faint petrol, dried peach and nougat with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body with a touch of lychee, tart lime, edible flower, and earth on the finish. A very serious and dry, Alsatian-like gewurz for sipping or the table.
Aromas of peanut brittle, honeyed stone fruits and floral lychee with a silky, fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy sweet citrus and honeydew kissed finish. A delicate and refined gewurz for sipping or with Latin seafood dishes.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of grilled peach, orange cake and honey with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tart pear skin, mango and earth accented finish. A nice dry sipper or pair with scallops. Beautiful, delicate balance.
Aromas of waxy honeycomb, kiwi, starfruit and mint with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, mineral, floral green apple, earth and delicate spice kissed finish. Lovely layers and great poise.
Golden color. Aromas and flavors of ripe apricot and lemon custard with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, mouthwatering finish. A delicious and appetizing viognier for sipping or the table.
Subtle nose of macerated fruits - cassis, black plums and blueberries. Big integrated flavors follow with a nice underlayment of refreshing acidity. Ample tannins bode well for this wine.
Garnet black color. Aromas of crusty berry pie and mocha cream with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a zesty black raspberry, candied lime and toffee finish. A very flavorful and lively red that will be great at the table with spicy pork and lamb dishes.
Embers and black currants dominate the nose. Brambly simple flavors follow with a jazzy upturned finish. Very fine tannins and this wine would work with elk steaks grilled over a hard wood fire.
Dried herbs, toasty oak and a potpourri of dried flowers bode well for this wine. Dried straw mat scents and creamy cassis flavors come on with air. Big flavors and ample tangy tannins.
Garnet black color. Aromas of chocolate yogurt, espresso gelato, and dried cherries with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a compact dried berry, nut, mineral and spice finish with chewy tannins. Give this a little time or a well marbled steak.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Violet black color. Spicy aromas of vanilla peppermint bark, herbal lozenge and lingonberry jam with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a latte and tart berry coulis finish. A zesty, flavorful wine that will be great with spicy lamb and beef dishes.
Garnet color. Aromas of dried flowers, ripe berries, chocolate and honey with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy craisin and spice finish. A delicious and zesty cabernet for sipping or the table.
Nice nose of mocha and restrained black berries. Juicy ripe flavors and toasty tannins make this a pleasure to drink.
Rich aromas of chocolate, boysenberry jam, and delicate spice with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body medium body and a honeyed apple, blood orange, and spiced praline nut finish with crunchy tannins. A wonderfully spicy and food friendly merlot that will be great with spicy lamb dishes.
Purple color. Honeycomb, berry compote, custard, and clay aromas and flavors with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, dried berry, nut and spice finish. Well crafted and very crowd pleasing for sipping or the table.
Deep garnet violet color. Attractive aromas of dill pickle, floral honeycomb, spiced berry, and buttered tomato focaccia with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a zesty, complex herb, spiced nut, and mild eucalyptus accented finish. Impressive flavor and panache for sipping or spicy meat dishes.
Deep opaque purple color, as black as the night. Resonant nose of black currants and burnt vine cuttings. Juicy big berry and earth flavors and fine tannins follow. Enticing, warm lingering finish bodes well for this wine.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of berry compote, brown spices, pepper, and praline with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, vanilla nougat, apple skin and citrus kissed finish with fine, chewy tannins. Great structure and table appeal.
Garnet color. Very earthy aromas of clay, chocolate fig, craisins, bamboo shoot and nuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a cinnamon apple tart and earth finish. A vibrant, earthy red for the table; pair with meat and mushroom dishes.
Inky violet purple color. Aromas of mocha, berry custard, and nuts with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a wonderfully structured, crunchy apple, boysenberry, spice, and earth accented finish with plush tannins. Impressive.
Nice array of ripe black currants, eucalyptus, toffee and toasty oak. Rich tangy flavors follow with a chewy texture and large scaled lingering plum and oak spice flavors follow.
Deep ruby color. Fruity aromas and flavors of boysenberry pie, roasted nuts, and dark caramel with a supple, fruity-yet-fry medium-to-full body and a long, herb, craisin and earth finish. Beautifully rich and stylish.
Warm nose reminiscent of a creamy mocha latté, herbs, and enticing blue fruits. Nice balanced flavors follow - not a zin that hits you over the head, but goes for and achieves subtlety. Some turned earth, raisin and a touch of pepper in the finish. Will be even better in a few years.
Golden yellow green color with a fine bubbly rim. Bright aromas and flavors of toasted nuts, grilled lemon, and honeyed green apples with a crisp, well-carbonated fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, refreshing, lightly earthy finish.
Ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of cherry pie, chocolate nuts, and a hint of pine with a silky dryish medium body and a tangy craisin, apple, mint and earth accented finish. A zesty, refreshing red that will cut through rich foods like a knife.
Amethyst color. Deep resonant scents reminiscent of boysenberry jam and black olives. Rich supple flavors follow, supple mid-palate with a lingering peppery and lilac accented finish. Will improve with bottle age.
Rich creamy aromas of vanilla flan, white toffee, ginger-apple tart, and delicate exotic spices with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a kiwi sorbet, mango, and spiced apple finish. Very flavorful and fun.
Toasted oak, stone fruit and a green apple notes encapsulate the lovely bouquet. Later got a nice hint of butter cream and kiwi. Rich entry, supple flavors with an upturned finish. Very elegant and Burgundian in style.
Zesty aromas of caramelized lemons and pineapples, Key lime pie, and spiced white toffee with a soft, fruity-yet-dry medium body and an Asian spice and kiwi accented finish. Great acidity and uniquely spicy and lively.
Golden silver color. Aromas of ripe yellow apples on the tree with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a creamy, pineapple gelato, vanilla nougat, and delicate spice finish. Wonderful balance and restraint with a solid core of fruit and creamy oak.
Deep ruby garnet color. Attractive, lightly floral aromas of spiced plums, melted toffee, vanilla and dried apricot with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a pencil shaving and earth accented finish. A refreshing, flavorful red that will be great at the table.
Dark ruby red color. Bold aromas and flavors of flowers, pistachio brittle, chocolate cherries, and tomato jelly with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, blood orange, creamy mocha, and cedar finish. A lively flavorful red that works well on its own or with food.
Dark ruby with a brick rim. Mature aromas of stewed ripe berries, coconut custard, leather and clay with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, craisin, cocoa, melon, pencil and spice finish with seamlessly integrated wood tannins. A very traditionally made and mature Spanish red for filet mignon.
Pale golden color. Perfumed aromas of honeyed apricot pastry, lemongrass, and jasmine with a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a carrot cake, apple cider, Meyer lemon, and mineral accented finish. A delicious, lively and unique white wine that will be great as a sipper or with sautéed fish.
Golden yellow color. Mellow aromas of honeycomb, spiced nuts, baked apple, lemon, curd and kiwi with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body follow with lively, tangy flavors sand a juicy mouthwatering honeyed melon accented finish. Delicious and vibrant.
Deep ruby color. Dense aromas of cracked exotic peppercorns and frosted strawberry cake with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, spiced apple and watermelon, sandalwood and nut accented finish. A spicy, flavorful grenache.
Ruby black color. Bold aromas and flavors of pomegranate liqueur, sassafras, and eucalyptus lozenge with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a layered finish with flavors of tomato relish, dried blueberry, and cola rounding out nicely. Very flavorful and distinctive.
Rich aromas of chocolate toffee and buttercream, and berry pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and great concentration of tart berries, spice, kiwi, and dusty minerals. A fine representation of Marlborough pinot noir that will be sensational at the table.
Pale golden silver color. More subtle aromas suggest papaya, wheatgrass, sour sop and lime with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and tart citrus driven finish with a layer of chalk and grass underneath. A nicely refined and elegant NZ sauvignon blanc.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of roasted pineapple, grilled apple, and coconut flakes with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, slightly creamy, very refreshing finish. A well balanced and unpretentious chardonnay for everyday pleasure.
Lustrous golden color. Rich creamy coconut, caramel apple, and pineapple aromas and flavors with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, baked apple and brown spice finish. A plush oak-aged chardonnay.
Rich garnet color. Bright aromas of raspberry cobbler and dulce de leche with a supple, fruity medium body and a juicy sour cherry, citrus and melon accented finish. A clean, delicious, and vibrant frontenac that is sure to please.
Pale straw with a silvery cast. Bright aromas and flavors of peach, lime curd, mango and nougat with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a refreshing, long finish. A delightful domestic version of albariño that will be great as a sipper or at the table with a wide range of foods.
Pale yellow straw. Aromas of dark roasted nuts, grilled citrus, honeycomb, and dill pickle with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a lively creamy nougat, kiwi, melon, and sweet grass accented finish. A rich, smoky fruit and mineral laden white that is reminiscent of great Sicilian whites from Mount Etna.
Pale golden yellow color. Aromas of dark fig-date bread and honey with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy apple, peach, starfruit and lemon tart accented finish. Very refreshing and lively as a sipper or pair with spicy Mexican foods.
Nice nose of ripe melon and soft lemon cream aromas lead in rich tangy grapefruit custard flavors on the palate. Brilliant acidity translates into a wine that will sing with food. Pair with goat cheese salads.
Silvery straw color. Aromas yellow pepper and grapefruit rind with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, juicy lemon and grassy earth finish. Great varietal flavors, balance and length.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Ruby garnet color. Intricate and lightly smoky aromas and flavors of cranberry toast, thyme honey, and chocolate toffee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nice hint of cherry, sage and eucalyptus on the lively finish. A great choice for Mediterranean lamb and duck dishes.
Aromas of chocolate graham crackers, wholes nuts, and pickled berries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a zesty green apple, citrus, and earth accented finish. Very alive and flavorful.
Warm buttery caramel, chocolate nut, and cherry compote aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a zesty blood orange, apple and spice accented finish. A really tasty pinot that covers a lot of bases.
Aromas praline, honeyed toast, and red berries with a soft, fruity light-to-medium body and a zesty berry and spice driven finish. A very pleasant sipper.
Ruby color. Aromas berry custard pie and chocolate graham crackers with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy cherry and pickled tomato finish. Very zesty and super table friendly.
Dark garnet violet color. Aromas of mocha, pepper, spiced nuts and dried berries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, chocolate citrus peel, creamy vanilla and earth accented finish. A great table with to pair with meat and pasta dishes.
Aromas of mocha cream, clay, chocolate cherry and pickling spices with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, zesty lemon pepper and herb accented finish. A robust and lively sangiovese that be brilliant at the table with hearty meat and pasta dishes.
Ruby red color. Aromas and flavors of spiced cherry and berry-banana custard with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy cocoa and spiced nut accented finish. Very tasty.
Aromas of toffee, clay, dried berries and olive with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a nutty, grassy earth and apple finish with fine gripping tannins. A very nicely structured table wine; serve with spicy pork loins.
Garnet violet color. Bold aromas and flavors of blueberry cobbler, mocha toffee, and frosted apricot pastry with a supple, very fruity medium-to-full body and a spicy coffee cake finish. Deliciously confected berry and spice flavors abound.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas of butter roasted nuts, spiced berry compote, jerky, and mocha with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty sweet citrus, apple, blueberry and nutty oak finish. A really precisely balanced and tasty zin that will be great with gourmet burgers or pork loins.
Aromas of floral honey and wild strawberry pie a la mode with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a chewy, tangy cherry and spiced apple finish. A very tasty and table friendly claret style zinfandel.
Aromas of blackberry, chocolate and spice with a chewy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth tobacco, sour cherry, tobacco and pepper finish. Nicely balanced and flavorful with a mature style.
Violet black color. Earthy aromas of clay, black olive, chocolate graham cracker and currant with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, blackberry, cherry, earth, and peppery spice finish with firm, chewy tannins. A nice table with to serve with prime rib.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Bright dill pickle, waxy honeycomb, and cherry-raspberry sauce aromas with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty citrus and cranberry sorbet, tomato and spice driven finish. A deliciously juicy, everyday red.
Aromas of vanilla toffee, chocolate mint, cherry pie with a satiny medium-to-full body and a wonderfully spicy black raspberry, poached apple and nut accented finish. A very smooth and delicious sipper.
Purple black color. Rich aromas of chocolate espresso beans and blueberry yogurt with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, graceful baking spice, apple, and grassy earth accented finish with fine, supportive tannins.
Bold aroma of floral honey on raspberries, cracked green peppercorn, and chestnuts with a satiny dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a mocha cream, tobacco, cedar, and dusty spice accented finish. Nice mellow balance of fruit and oak here. Serve with veal.
Garnet violet color. Bright aromas of plum preserves, chocolate nuts, and apple-peach pie with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, baking spice and vanilla toffee accented finish. Delicious and nuanced.
 Certified Organic 
Coffee gelato, chocolate espresso bean aromas with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body, and balanced berry pie and vanilla driven finish. Seamless and crowd pleasing.
Pale golden straw color. Attractively dimensional aromas of dried and honey baked apples with a silky fruity sweet medium body and a tangy, citrus, nut and earth accented finish. A very tasty and appetizing apple wine with great balance for sipping or the table.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas and flavors of nuts, leather, delicate Asian spice, and dried blueberry with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, blood orange, melon, and nut accented finish with grippy tannins. Give this a bit of time.
Bright, complex aromas of sandalwood incense, perfume, honeycomb, gherkin, and roasted berries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, savory toasted raisin nut bread and leafy earth finish. A fun, flavorful, somewhat rustic red that will pair well with spicy game and boar dishes.
Straw color. Aromas of ripe peaches and oranges with a silky, fruity light-to-medium body and a very crisp, lemon, green apple, and grassy earth accented finish. A precisely made and very refreshing riesling for all occasions.
Pure golden color. Aromas and flavors of lemon curd and dried peach with a crisp, fruity medium body and tangy, blood orange, praline and delicate touch of smoke on the long, mouthwatering finish. A super choice for spicy bbq.
Light silvery pink color. Interesting aromas of strawberries, chive blossoms and herbs with a effervescent fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy lemon sorbet, peach skin and grassy earth finish. Fantastically flavorful and refreshing.
Golden silver color. Aromas of earth, melon rind, pear and sweet cream with a crisp, fruity medium body a tangy, nicely balance citrus, apple and mineral finish. Nice complexity and finesse.
Deep ruby color. Rich aromas of toasty berry pie, vanilla, and grilled green pepper with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy pomegranate sorbet, green apple, roasted nuts, and spice finish with fine tannins. A delicious and lively cabernet for sipping or the table.
Deep garnet color. Aromas and flavors of cassis tart, dark roasted nuts and peppers, cedar, hung game, and mossy earth with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long mocha, baked apple, cedar and spice finish. Very flavorful and Old World in style. Pair with bison.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of berry compote, toffeed nuts, pencil shavings, cigar wrapper, and herbs with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a spicy cassis, cherry pit, mint, peppercorn, and straw accented finish. A very nice table wine.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of dark chocolate, coffee bean, and dark berry pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, nicely integrated finish with nut, olive and earth accented finish. An excellent table wine that will improve with timing.
Garnet purple black color. Attractive aromas of blackberry pie a la mode and nougat with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy berry, melon, and creme brulee accented finish with chewy tannins. A superb sipper or table wine.
Garnet color. Aromas of floral honey, sandalwood, buttery praline, and sweet spice with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a rich, dried cherry and raspberry, peppercorn, incense ash, and blueberry creme brulee finish. Deliciously different and terroir driven.
Dark ruby. Aromas of plum pie, pickled watermelon rind, and Black Forest cake with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, pomegranate sorbet, cassis, pink peppercorn and sweet spice finish with powdery tannins. A vibrantly flavorful cabernet that will be a fine table companion.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Ruby color. Aromas of chocolate, roasted chestnut, cedar, and dried cherry with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy orange marmalade on dark nut toast and delicate spice finish. Very balanced and deeply flavorful.
Dark ruby color. Vibrant aromas of herbs, chocolate mint, menthol, and blueberry crumble with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty dried boysenberry and brown spice finish and chewy tannins. Nice spicy flavors here; serve with rich lamb.
Garnet violet color. Bright aromas and flavors of cassis jam, pomegranate, mocha, cedar, and baking spices with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, chewy tannin accented finish. Great vibrancy for the table.
Deep ruby black color. Explosive aromas of sour cherry chutney, nut brittle, cocoa, leather, and Asian spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, toasted coconut, menthol tobacco, and peppercorn finish. A flashy, zesty merlot for sipping.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of chocolate cherry tart, nougat, suede, and floral, peppery spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a menthol mint, pomegranate, and herb accented finish. Quite exotic with great acidity for the table.
Deep violet color. Aromas of chocolate nuts, mocha mousse, and berry pie crust with silky fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, honeyed apple and spice finish. Very tasty. Will be great with Middle Eastern lamb dishes.
 Certified Organic 
Ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of roasted chestnuts, clay, and sundried berries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy mulberry and earth accented finish. A delicious table wine.
Deep ruby color. Bold aromas of roasted nuts and coffee beans and melted dark chocolate with a dry-yet-fruity medium body and sundried tomato and sour cherry and earth accented finish. A great savory table wine with a rich oak accent.
Aromas and flavors of vanilla nut fudge, cassis tart,incense and spice with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a vibrantly fruity and spicy nicely balanced finish.
Golden yellow color. Grilled pineapple and toasty, creamy meringue aromas and flavors with tangy, medium body and a vibrant, mouthwatering nougat accented finish. A very nice marriage of fruit and oak.
Garnet color. Creamy vanilla, chocolate orange and lemon peels, and delicate spice with a fruity medium body and a pine, peppercorn, plum skin, and cedar accented finish. A nice table wine; try with duck confit.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of toffee, blackberry pie a la mode, sandalwood and spice with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy plum, apple, cedar, pepper, and mineral accented finish with fine tannins. An elegant, nuanced dry red for sipping or the table.
Deep violet black color. Aromas of boysenberry pie a la mode, chocolate nuts, and sweet baking spices with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a spiced cherry, carrot and mineral accented finish. A vibrant flavorful red blend for all occasions.
Ruby color. Bright aromas of mulberries, whole nuts, and pickling spices with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long black raspberry, apple, and cedar driven finish. A very flavorful and balanced zin.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of lemon cream pie, baked yellow apple, and grass with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy citrus, nut and spice nuanced finish. Lovely flavor and balance for sipping or the table.
Opaque to black Red with deep stained legs. Aromas of black raspberries, blackberry, black cherry, dark chocolate, toasted almonds, Reeses pieces, allspice, cardamom, S'mores and brisket. Succulent tannins frame flavors of black fruits, roasted fondant, mocha java and vanilla. There's an animal quality to it in a good way like a Cote Rotie from a top vintage. Enormous flavor profile is in check and balance. Long, complex and satisfying finish. Could stand up in a blind tasting to top Bordeaux and Napa Meritage. WOW. True excitement and indulgence for under $20.
Ruby red with a brick rim. Aromas of cola, black raspberries, licorice, blackberry jam, root beer and black cherry soda. Dry with dusty tannins and light fruit flavors. Cherry leads the flavors with a balanced finish.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Deep Garnet with Aromas of black cherries, currants, crushed blackberries, vanilla. allspice, and olive. Taught tannins are well integrated with toasty oak and dark fruits on the palate. Touch of mocha richness and black raspberries on the mid-palate follow through to the finish. Impressive.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Yellow with hints of gold. Aromas of ginger, honey, apple cake, ginger, a rocky spring and pebbles. Off dry with sweet pear, apricot and ginger cake coupled with wet stones and refreshing sweet lemon acidity. Full of fruit balanced with fresh acidity and a fine mineral structure.
Ruby with red brick rim. Aromas of nut brittle, dried cherry, olive, pepper, and clay with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and tangy, berry, spice and roasted nut nuanced with chewy tannins. Pure and classic Chianti flavor, balance and style. A great value that will be awesome with food.
Pale crimson silver color. Bright aromas of strawberries and vanilla yogurt nuts with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, mineral, grass, and green apple accented finish. Delicious and exquisitely balanced for sipping or the table.
Brick red with brick red rim. Aromas of red currant, blackberry, boysenberry, mocha and vanilla. Chewy tannins are in perfect balance with classic Cabernet fruit. Toothsome finish with chewy fruit and solid structure. Excellent.
Dark garnet color. Aromas of mocha nut fudge and chocolate berries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, well-balanced finish with notes vanilla cream, spice, cherry, and roasted nuts. A graceful, appetizing cabernet that will be great at the table.
Opaque with a deep purple rim. Aromas of pomegranate, crushed cherries, black raspberry, lingonberry, vanilla and mocha. Soft tannins with cherry and black plum flavors. Fruit forward style that is clean and balanced.
Deep ruby color. Aromas of roasted nuts, spicy berry pie, mocha, and a hint of bacon with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, tangy finish with notes of vanilla, pickling spices, and poached peaches and apples. Great purity and style.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas and flavors of honeyed berries and nut have a hint of bacon with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a nice dash of roasted citrus, apple, and cedar on the finish. A very well balanced, flavorful, and pure merlot.
Garnet color. Savory aromas of roasted peppers, olives, and chocolate drizzled berries with a supple, fruity medium body and juicy, jammy raspberry and spiced nut finish. A very tasty and appetizing red blend for everyday pleasure.
Aromas of raspberry jam on toast and cherry puff pastry with a silky fruity, medium body and a long, juicy, cherry-berry, cocoa, cedar and delicate brown spice finish. Great fruit flavor and balance for sipping or the table; try with marinated grilled pork loins.
Garnet color. Vibrant aromas of coffee candy and chocolate cherries with a silky, fruity medium body and a rich, mocha, spice, and citrus accented finish. Very pure and fruity flavors with a great smooth texture.
Opaque with a deep purple rim. Aromas of black plum, blackberries, black pepper, tar and leather. Dusty tannins and black plum, cherry, boysenberry flavors. Dry and balanced with a lush finish of juicy fruit and a touch of mocha. A nice red blend for all occasions.
Opaque with a cherry red rim. Aromas of cherry, plums, mushrooms and vanilla. Dusty tannins frame flavors of dried strawberries, plums, violet and red cherries. Robust and balanced.
Opaque garnet black color. Minutely oxidized aromas of blackberry yogurt and vinaigrette, brie, and praline with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a savory roasted beet, olive, cedar and brown spice nuanced finish. A very nice mature tasting syrah that will be excellent at the table of as a late night sipper. Drink up.
 Certified Organic 
Garnet with a violet cast. Rich aromas of cherry and berry cream pies and chestnut nougat with a supple, fruity-yet-dry and a creamy meringue, tangy blackberry, green apple,pepper and citrus accented finish with chewy tannins. Great purity and vitality of flavor.
Dark ruby color. Rich aromas of berry pie a la mode, chocolate mint, and cherry creme brulee with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a hint of herbs, eucalyptus and spiced cranberry on the long, fine tannin finish. Very classy and well made; serve with veal chops.
Crimson garnet color. Aromas and flavors of cherry, strawberry and cranberry sorbets and custard with fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long zesty lime curd, kiwi tart, and spice finish. Great vibrancy of fruit with zesty acidity to keep the sweetness in check, a winning formula for a sparkling red dessert wine.
Pale golden yellow color. Aromas of poached apples, creamy bread pudding, and nougat with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a nicely balanced sweet citrus curd and spice finish. Excellent vibrancy and finesse.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of roasted pineapple and apple with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy lemon vinaigrette, dried mango, and roasted nut accented finish. Very nice balance, complexity and depth of fruit and structure. Will be great at the table.
Pale golden straw color. Aromas of banana meringue pie and pineapple tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy honeyed kiwi, clementine, honeycrisp apple, and creamy vanilla accented finish. A nice vibrant, chardonnay for sipping or the table.
Aromas of dried citrus, grassy herbs, and peach pit with a very fruity medium body and a tangy, honeyed apricot, Meyer lemon and mineral driven finish. Delicious and more fruity than sweet with great balancing acidity.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Golden silver color. Floral aromas of spicy poach apple, caramelized mango and lychee with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy Meyer lemon and chalk accented finish. Lovely flavors, acidity, and balance for sipping or the table.
Light golden silver color. Lightly smoky aromas and flavors suggest hot spicy gherkins and grilled lemons with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nice touch of baked apple and petrol-like minerality on the long finish. A dead ringer for a fine South African chenin; serve with grilled lobster and shrimp.
Opaque with a deep velvet rim. Aromas of black raspberry, lingonberry, plums and chocolate. Wild berry flavors and supple tannins with mouth-filling blackberry, boysenberry and black plum notes. Touch of mocha and spice on the finish. Satisfying.
Ruby with a red brick rim. Aromas and flavors of spicy blueberry cobbler, chocolate mint, and pomegranate chutney are rich and enticing with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty lime curd, spiced apple, cedar, and toffee accented finish. A delicious go-to red wine that delivers impressive complexity and style for the price.
Dark ruby color with a blue cast. Aromas of toasted meringue, cherry creme brulee, and praline with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, spicy baked apple and earth accented finish. Very nice varietal character and balanced oak.
Garnet color. Aromas and flavors of blackberry pie, chocolate fudge, tobacco, and peppercorn with a tangy medium-to-full body and mouthwatering blood orange, cranberry, toasty praline, and mineral accented finish. Excellent vibrancy and purity of fruit.
Aromas and flavors of plum tart, chocolate nuts, peppery spice and cedar with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, ripe blackberry and cream accented finish. Well poised, subtle, and elegant.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of raspberry tart and cocoa with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and creamy meringue, spiced apple, and nut finish with chewy tannins. Delightfully flavorful and nicely structured.
Golden silver color. Bright tropical aromas of mango, papaya, and pineapple custard with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy mandarin orange, Meyer lemon, spiced nut, and vanilla accented finish. Excellent exotic fruit and acidity for sipping or the table.
Golden color. Aromas and flavors of spiced melon, jasmine, pink peppercorn, and pineapple chutney with silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy herb, vanilla, and incense accented finish. A zesty, flavorful chardonnay that will go great with sushi and mild Asian dishes.
Golden color. Aromas of apples, limes, and and nougat with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy clementine, kiwi, and earth accented finish. Nice vibrancy, balance and purity of fruit. A great table wine or sipper.
 Organically Grown Grapes-Sustainable Agriculture 
Evocative dusty attic scents lead and lightly spiced smoked fruits follow. On the palate, one gets tangy, tart cherries and a refreshing, uplifting citrus note. Good length and balance with a lingering finish; a great table wine.
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic ®, Certifed Organic, Organically Grown Grapes 
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of mocha and toasty berry pie crust with a silky, fruity medium body and a tangy green apple, peach, and citrus accented finish with nice chewy tannins. A delicious, fruity and well balanced sipper or table wine.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Deep garnet black color. Aromas and flavors of currant, marinated tomato, and barn clay with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, pomegranate, pencil shaving, and grassy earth nuanced finish with chewy, powdery tannins. A nice earthy, Bordeaux-like cabernet for the table.
Garnet purple color. Aromas of baked berries, roasted nuts and a hint of herbal,marinated meat with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a spiced cassis and earth finish. A lively and flavor table wine.
Clear. Lightly yeasty aromas of dough, Asian pear, creamy nougat with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a refreshing melon, kiwi coconut cream, and dusty potato accented finish. A vibrant junmai sake that will excel with spicy Asian dishes and appeal to wine drinkers.
Woodsy honeycomb, nutshell, and mushroom patch aromas with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a delicate savory mushroom stock, chestnut, and golden beet driven finish. A fine choice for tempura.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas and flavors of apple, delicate spices, nettles, and floral pineapple and plum with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nicely nuanced dance of savory jicama and bamboo shoot with sweet cream, mint and nougat. Very tasty and balanced.
Delightful aromas of rain water, kaffir leaves, honeydew, and cashew gelato with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a pure, fine etched finish with notes of root vegetable, corn, plantain, anise cookie, and water chestnut. Solid.
Aromas of Asian pear, plum pudding pie, and white nuts with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a seamless spiced apple, creamy rice pudding, nougat, jicama, starfruit, and radish sprouts accented finish. Great purity and style.
Clear platinum. Aromas and flavors of vanilla rice pudding, delicate nutmeg and cinnamon, and apple tart with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, resonant finish with notes papaya, plantain, and grassy earth. Excellent complexity and depth.
Garnet black color. Smoked nut, dried meat, dried cherries, and roasted coffee with a silky fruity-yet medium-to-full body and a mocha gelato, anise, and a berry pie finish. Delicious and balanced.
Golden yellow color. Toasty aromas of apple custard pie, pineapple cake, and lime gelato with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy sweet citrus, honeycrisp apple and praline finish. A nice tangy chardonnay for the table.
Silvery straw color. Bold aromas of grapefruit, guava, green pepper, and passionfruit with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, citrus, honey and quince finish. Vibrantly flavorful and well balanced for sipping or food.
Deep ruby with a copper brown cast. Vibrant aromas of chestnut honey, exotic peppercorns, and spiced cherry with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a ripe berry, beet, cola, and nut accented finish. A very distinctive and tasty sipper or table wine.
Brick red with a light reddish-orange rim. Aromas of cherry, raspberry, plum, portobello and red licorice. Lightly spicy notes of black pepper and garden soil on the nose. Soft, savory, and voluptuous with a cherry, beet, and plum core framed with generous vanilla, black raspberry and baking spice.
Cherry red with a light red rim. Aromas of raspberries, sour cherries, black pepper, shiitake, chocolate, and a hint of tar. Complex flavors of cherries, black raspberries, barnyard, cocoa nibs, pepper and wild mushrooms. Finish in long, silky and complex. Reminiscent of Premier Cru Beaune.
Deep ruby red with a magenta rim. Aromas of boysenberry, black raspberry and toasty meringue. Fruit driven with a red cherry core, juicy boysenberry, chocolate, slate, and vanilla. Silky and clean.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Medium straw. Aromas of golden pineapple, mango, papaya and yellow apples with a note of hay and orange zest. Semidry with lush peach, pear and pineapple flavors and a long, clean, simple finish.
Light gold. Bold aromas of lemon, green pepper, jalapeno, white grapefruit and baked apples. Spicy and herbal with lemon-rosemary, cashew nougat, and green pepper accents. Interesting with a great, grassy pepper character.
Dark garnet color. Rich aromas and flavors of mixed berry custard pie, milk chocolate mousse, and delicate lavender and pickling herbs with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a spice pear, cedar, and crunchy tannin finish. A lovely, well structured sipper or table wine to serve with spicy, grilled meats.
Dark garnet color. Earthy and fruity aromas of dried flowers and herbs, cocoa, meringue, pickling spices, and cassis jam with a dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, tangy, pomegranate and cedar accented finish.
Dark garnet violet color. Bold blueberry cobbler a la mode and waxy honeycomb aromas and flavors with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, juicy, savory dried cherry, pickled beet, and spice finish. A delicious, zesty shiraz that will cover a lot of bases.
Pale golden silver color. Toasty aromas and flavors of apple and pineapple tarts with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a lemon curd, cream, and delicate spice accented finish. Very nicely balanced oak with a solid core of ripe fruit and lively acidity.
Dark ruby garnet color. Earthy aromas of cocoa, dried blueberries, and flower patch with a silky, dryish medium body and a tangy dried currant, vanilla nut, and mossy earth finish with dusty tannins. A nicely restrained, rather old world styled cabernet for the table.
Deep golden color. Aromas of golden raisin, mango-peach chutney, straw, and yeasty sour bread dough with a sweet, supple medium-to-full body and a long, honey and spicy poached apple and pear and earth finish. A very nice arc of sweet and earthy flavors; will be great with cheeses.
Brilliant golden yellow. Earthy aromas of dusty golden raisins, honeycomb, and apricot custard with a soft, sweet light-to-medium body and a honeyed dried peach, honeyed kumquat, and toasty spiced nut finish with leafy tannins. A nice rustic, botrytized ice wine that will be a good foil for funky cheeses.
Opaque with a deep brick rim and stained legs. Aromas of black raspberry, eucalyptus, black currant, dried lingonberry, wild berries, vanilla bean, black licorice, leather, tilled black soil and mocha java. Rich and chewy tannins and a palate packed with cherry jam, black raspberry compote, vanilla, clove and mace. Deep, dark fruit and spice are well balanced on the long, toothsome, dry finish.
Dark ruby color. Aromas of dried berries, custard, pecan pie, and clay with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy peppercorn, sour cherry, kiwi and earth accented finish with chewy tannins. A great, refreshing table wine.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas of baked berries, nut brittle, and oiled leather with a silky, dryish medium body and a crisp dried tomato, mineral, and craisin accented finish. A nice zippy red that will shine at the table.
Garnet color. Elegant aromas of creamy vanilla, chocolate toffee, and boysenberry pie, and herbal pickled melon with silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, mouthwatering interplay of fruit, tomato, nuts, herbs, and spices with superfine tannins. More internationally styled and quite delicious.
Deep golden color with a faint green cast. Rich aromas of dried peaches and mangos, and mincemeat pie with a silky, sweet medium-to-full body and a long golden raisin, acacia honey, and orange marmalade finish. A decadent, delicious and balanced dessert wine.
Opaque with a velvety purple rim and red stained legs. Aromas of black currant, black raspberry, licorice, vanilla, allspice and nutmeg. Black cherry and plum flavors with firm, structured tannins.
Aromas of cassis chutney, roasted nuts, olive, and leather with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, apple, cranberry, chocolate and pepper finish. A robust and lively cabernet for the table or sipping.
Opaque with a purple rim and stained legs. Aromas of black licorice, lingonberry, black raspberry, black cherry, mocha truffles, raspberry jam, cinnamon rolls and vanilla bean. Richly textured black raspberry, cherry jam and plum tart flavors with mocha, vanilla and licorice. Seamless tannins with black fruit, chocolatey licorice, wild berry jam and nutmeg unfold throughout the long, unctuous finish. Like an old vine zin with Cabernet structure. Wow.
Opaque with a velvet rim and lightly stained legs. Aromas of lingonberry, black raspberry, maraschino cherry, vanilla and nutmeg. Full, soft and dry with notes of licorice, black plum and cherry skin along with sweet vanilla and a hint of cedar. A big, serious Merlot.
Opaque Violet black color. Aromas of berry pie a la mode, floral honeycomb, and nougat with silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy blood orange, spiced melon, and nutty oak accented finish. Very nicely balanced and tasty.
Inky purple black color. Aromas and flavors of spicy plum and blackberry compote, nuts, and waxy honeycomb with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, raw almond and chewy, earthy tannin finish. A spot on petit sirah that will shine at the table with braised meats.
Dark garnet color. Aromas of chocolate mint, cherry pie filling, and faint menthol tobacco with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy dried berry, praline, and baking spice driven finish. A rock solid zin.
Golden straw color. Aromas of vanilla meringue, poached apple, coconut, and faint pickled melon with effervescent fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy mango, papaya, and banana custard pie accented finish. Great lively tropical fruit flavors.
Golden yellow color. Bright pineapple, apple, and vanilla cream aromas with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and an opulent fruit driven finish with a well balanced layer of oak. A spot on Napa chardonnay that is delicious and versatile.
Dark ruby color. Aromas of pickled beets, vanilla yogurt covered berries, dried peach and suede with a a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, slick finish. Very nice balance of ripe fruity and savory flavors that will be great at the table.
Garnet black color. Rich chocolate espresso bean, spiced blackberry, and faint bacon aromas with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a juicy berry, candied citrus, and coffee gelato finish. Great acidity and vibrancy for the table.
Golden silver color with a fine mousse. Inviting aromas of apple custard, lemon curd and nougat with a crisp, effervescent mineral and delicate spice accented finish. A very cleanly made and precise Prosecco.
Ruby color. Bright aromas of spicy sour cherry pie, toasty chocolate granola and coffee beans, and grilled apples with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a savory beet, roasted nut, and blood orange accented finish. Very precise and chiseled flavors and acidity that will shine at the table.
Garnet attractive aromas of chocolate coconut macaroons and raspberry pie a la mode with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy craisin finish. Excellent flavor and balance in a classic Sonoma zin style.
Garnet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of espresso gelato, roasted nuts, and berry pie crust with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, peppery, cedar and earth accented finish with fine chewy tannins. Try with lamb chops.
Deep garnet color. Aromas and flavors of seared Canadian bacon, Montmorency cherry tart, and peppery spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, tangy, nicely meaty finish. Quite tasty and sure to please.
Pale golden silver color. Vibrant aromas of apple and peach strudels, five spice, and menthol mint with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy melon, white toffee, and kiwi finish. Delicious, exotic, and well-balanced.
Golden straw color. Aromas of coconut custard and egg nog with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, tropical fruit, quince, and baking spices accented finish. Very tasty with nicely balanced oak.
Ruby with a red brick rim. Aromas and flavors of berry pie, cola, red licorice, and delicate pickling herbs with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a zesty, pomegranate, melon, and chocolate nut accented finish. A flavorful, refreshing red for all occasions.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of olives, dried berries, and chocolate nuts with a tangy, medium-to-full body and refreshing craisin, spice, and delicate cedar accented finish. Excellent balance and vibrancy for sipping or the table.
Pale golden straw color. Rich aromas of creamy vanilla, coconut macaroon, and pineapple cake with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, tangy kiwi,lime sorbet, spiced apple finish. A delicious, creamy chardonnay that tastes a lot like a nice white burgundy finished in American oak.
Dark garnet color. Earthy aromas of leather, olive, chocolate, and dried cherries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a well rounded, earth, sandalwood incense, walnut and peppery spice driven finish. A delightful Old World styled table wine.
$21.
Ruby color. Aromas of chocolate graham cracker, dark roasted nuts, leather, and blackberry jam on dark rye toast with a tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a supple, goji berry and sour cherry sorbet finish. Excellent flavor and structure for sipping or the table.
Dark garnet black color. Honeycomb, roasted nuts, dried cherry and tomato, and spicy cassis pie a la mode aromas and flavors with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, chocolate and earth accented finish. A great earthy sipper and table wine; serve with prime rib.
Deep garnet amethyst color. Intriguing aromas of coconut macaroon, floral honeycomb, white clay, vanilla, and boysenberry pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, chocolate nut and earth accented finish. Very sleek, flavorful, and stylish.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of chocolate graham crackers, cherry pie, and lightly smoked nuts with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a pleasant chocolate and delicate spice finish with fine tannins. An artfully composed cabernet.
Garnet black. Aromas of chocolate graham cracker, peppery spices, and olive tapenade with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a creamy mocha and tangy cherry accented finish. Very good depth and structure.
Violet black color. Aromas of chocolate nuts, currants, deep fried pickle, and peppery spices with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a creamy, mocha, cedar, and sour cherry accented finish with fine tannins. Very tasty and sure to please.
Violet black color. Aromas of chocolate wafer bar, powdered berries and limes, and butter roasted nuts with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a dried blueberry, roasted citrus, and cocoa accented finish with ultra fine tannins. A delightful sipper or table wine.
Garnet purple color. Interesting earthy aromas of roasted vegetables, craisins, spice, and buffalo jerky with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a seamless slate, roasted apple, and cocoa finish. A great choice with pot roast or pheasant stew.
Garnet black color. Interesting aromas of menthol-mint, cranberry relish and waxy honeycomb with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy currant preserves, chocolate craisin, cedar, melon, and roasted nut finish with chewy tannins. Nice now and will get better with time. Serve with spicy Latin steak dishes.
Violet color. Aromas of milk chocolate covered berries, vanilla, and delicate berries with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, nutty, red apple, cedar, and earth accented finish with fine, dusty tannins. Very tasty and structured for sipping or the table.
 Kosher
 Kosher
Garnet color. Aromas of blackberry custard, sandalwood, and peppery spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy sour cherry, apple, black walnut, and cream accented finish with fine tannins. A stand out table wine with excellent fruitiness, balance, and structure.
Dark ruby color. Rich aromas of raspberry jam on raisin toast, menthol mint, spicy and sweet pickles, and chocolate cherries with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a long tangy, eucalyptus and pepper accented finish. A delicious sipper or pair with spicy, pork loins.
Garnet color. Attractive aromas of buttery nut brittle, dried apricots and cherries with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy black raspberry preserves, nuts, and spice finish with round tannins. A delicious tempranillo that drinks a bit like a claret style zin.
Golden silver color. Aromas of pineapple, yellow apple and nougat with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy Meyer lemon, vanilla, cedar, and chalk accented finish. A deliciously mouthwatering old world styled chardonnay.
Pale golden color. Aromas and flavors of toasty coconut cream pie, vanilla buttercream, and spice with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a plush tangy caramelized pineapple finish. Lovely balanced oak and rich fruit for sipping or the table.
Aromas of lemon yogurt and pineapple tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, pineapple-mango vanilla custard finish. An unassuming, yet very pleasant and precisely made chardonnay.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of grilled pineapple and vanilla toffee with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, green apple, toast, and spice finish. An elegant marriage of fruit and oak for sipping or the table.
Pale golden straw color. Vibrant aromas and flavors of white peppercorn, pressed flowers, melon, and grilled peaches with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and tangy, coriander and herb accented finish. A very interesting and distinctive white wine for sipping or food.
Pale ruby pink color. Dramatic aromas of fresh and baked cranberries, honeycomb, and citrus zest with a tangy, medium body and a zesty, pure, and nicely balanced, spicy, earthy finish. A spot on fruit wine that is not too sweet and would be a good foil for Asian pork and beef dishes. Cocktail options abound too.
Silvery straw color with a white mousse. Aromas of nectarine, apple crisp, and cream with a crisp, fruity medium body and a tangy vanilla nougat and Meyer lemon accented finish. A mouthwatering, fruity sparkler.
Platinum straw color. Interesting aromas of blooming pine forest, yellow apple, and honeyed papaya with a soft, fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy, orange-lemon sorbet, melon, and nutskin finish with grippy fruit tannins. A deliciously satisfying sipper or try with scallops.
Deep violet color. Attractive aromas of huckleberry jam and chocolate toffee bar with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a graceful, creamy vanilla, eucalyptus and peppery spice finish with plush tannins. Artfully composed flavors and texture.
Ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of black raspberries, menthol mint, cinnamon and clove with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a beet, sandalwood and mineral accented finish. A serious, savory shiraz that will shine at the table.
Straw yellow color. Aromas of toasted coconut, pineapple, and white toffee with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, lemon curd, lime, passionfruit, and green apple finish. Very good length and depth.
Aromas of raspberry tart and schmaltz chocolate mint cookie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a pomegranate, sweet tobacco, and spiced nut finish. Flavorful, fun, and versatile.
Garnet color. Aromas and flavors of mocha toffee, berry tart, and peppered jerky with a supple, dryish medium body and a graceful, savory finish with fine spicy, oak tannins. A very flavorful and balanced red blend.
Pale golden yellow color. Attractive aromas of peach and blueberry cobblers a la mode with a fruity sweet medium body and a vibrant lemon curd finish. Very nicely balanced and flavorful.
Steely pale ruby color. Interesting aromas and flavors of fried pickle and Twinkie, yellow pepper, and cranberry chutney with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy clementine, cherry, herb, and sweet cream finish. Distinctively delicious.
Pale golden color. Aroma of buttery nut brittle, coconut, and mango pie with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a kiwi, nut, and sweet cream accented finish. A stylish and tasty oak aged white.
Silvery straw color. Aromas of peaches, honey, limes, and straw with a crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a zesty citrus and mineral finish. A elegant, balanced riesling that is a great choice for shellfish.
Golden straw. Aromas of nectarine and green apple with a crisp, fruity light body and a tangy lemon sorbet and mineral accented finish with zippy acidity and fine fruit tannins. A great summer sipper or seafood wine.
Pale golden color. Effusive aromas and flavors of banana chip, grapefruit marmalade, and tropical fruits with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a creamy vanilla and straw accented finish. Excellent range and depth of tropical flavors. Try with fish and chips.
Golden yellow color. Lightly floral aromas and flavors of white blossoms, peach custard, lime, and honeyed graham cracker with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a delicate vanilla and peppery spiced apple finish. A delicious, fruity sipper that is sure to please.
Opaque garnet color. Dense aromas of dried berries, cedar sauna, and clay with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy currant, vanilla brittle, and forest floor accented finish with broad tannins. A great steak wine.
Golden color. Lush aromas of peaches, apples, lychees and wild flowers with an off-dry medium body and a tangy, honeyed, grassy earth accented finish. A delicious off-dry sipper or pair with spicy Latin seafood dishes.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of vanilla salt water taffy, chocolate, dark roasted nuts, beets, and cherry cobbler with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, spiced pear accented finish.
Ruby color. Aromas of baked cherries and beets have a grilled meat edge with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy grilled apple and tangerine accented finish. A great table wine, especially with sausage dishes.
Aromas of cherry buttercream and cordial and mocha with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a pencil shaving, green apple, melon gelato, and earth accented finish. A seamless, stylish sipper.
Dark ruby color. Lightly smoky aromas of roasted nuts and craisins with a supple, dryish medium body and a well balanced toffee, grilled apple and citrus accented finish. Nice structure and persistence of flavor.
Dark ruby color. Aromas and flavors of tart cherries and marinated beets with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy lime-vanilla custard and earth finish. Very nicely balanced and structured for sipping or the table.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Certified Organic 
ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered berries and malted toffee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, mocha, nut, mineral and spice nuanced finish. A classy sipper or table wine.
Opaque garnet black color. Resonant aromas of currant jam and honey butter on toast and light menthol tobacco with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, brown spice, earth, and nutskin accented finish with chewy tannins. A serious table wine.
Deep ruby color. Aromas of baked cherries and beets and peppered jerky with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, citrus, roasted nut, and mineral accented finish. A delicious and mouthwatering pinot for all occasions.
Ruby black color. Aromas of cherry butter on toast and marinated beets with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a chocolate cream, pink pepper and mint accented finish. A nice combination of fruit and savory notes that will compliment a wide range of foods.
 Certified Organic 
Straw color. Bold aromas of grapefruit, guava, and green pepper with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a vibrant grass, passionfruit, lime, and mineral driven finish. Pure Marlborough; try with Thai food.
Dark ruby color. Ripe aromas of cherry, raspberry, and chocolate mousse with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy apple, citrus and toasty spice accented finish with light, earthy tannins. A rock solid red for the table.
Garnet violet color. Attractive aromas of berry custard tart, watermelon, and toffee with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a precise craisin, smoked nut, and mineral accented finish.
Golden silver color. Aromas of spiced apple, honeycomb, and peaches with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty citrus and melon accented finish. Tasty and very appetizing.
Pale silver straw color. Aromas and flavors of spiced pear and pineapple, cream, chive, and nougat with a silky fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and zesty citrus accented finish. A fun, flavorful sake that will go well with spicy maki.
Very pale silvery straw color. Aromas of nut brittle, meringue, and dried banana and pineapple with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a zesty honeydew, spiced apple, cream, and radish finish. A flavor packed sake that will be a crowd pleaser.
Clear with a platinum blue cast. Aromas of coconut milk, melon, pear and rice pudding with a with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a vanilla, apple, and pepper accented finish. A robust and lively sake that will sing with spicy Asian cuisine.
Very pale straw color. Aromas and flavors of coconut cream, dried pineapple, and honeyed nuts with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a lively citrus, nutskin, vanilla, and pepper accented finish. Nice vibrancy for the table.
Pale straw yellow color. Aromas of soy, marinated mushroom and nougat with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a zesty coconut, apple, radish and pepper finish. A zesty sake for the table.
Creamy marble color. Bold aromas of honeycomb, praline, and macadamia gelato with a supple, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a zesty tropical citrus and pear cider accented finish. Very tasty and a great choice for sipping or cocktails.
Deep orange topaz color. Rich baked strawberry tart and fruit leather aromas with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a long, tangy berry and citrus kissed finish. A rich fruit wine with great purity and versatility, try in cocktails too.
Pale golden straw color with a fine mousse. Aromas of fallen apples and lemons and nuts with crisply effervescent dry-yet-fruity medium body and a toasty lemon marmalade on buttered brioche and grassy earth finish. An elegantly styled and flavorful sparkler for all occasions.
Golden color. Vibrant aromas of peach, lychee, and honey custard with a silky, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy poached apple, pineapple, tangerine finish and earth finish. A tasty dessert wine style mead that is very reminiscent of a German beerenauslese.
Bright golden yellow color. Aromas of fallen apple, old spice rack, and toasty walnut brittle with a fruity sweet medium body and a honeydew melon sorbet, spicy poached apple, and mint finish. A tasty, fruity mead that will excel with cheeses.
Deep dark crimson color. Aromas and flavors of pomegranate sorbet, tomato jelly, nougat, and floral pastry with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, sour cherry juice and nut accented finish. A delicious rosé wine like mead that is great on its own or with food.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas and flavors of lemon sorbet, clay, praline and melon ice with a crisp, fruity medium and a long, tangy clementine and mineral finish. A flavorful and polished Prosecco that will be great with food.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of lemon muffin and custard with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a melon, lime, and chalk finish. A delicious, mouthwatering Prosecco that will be stellar with seafood.
Garnet color. Bright aromas of sour cherry, butter roasted nuts, and grilled bread with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, citrus marmalade, berry, and spice accented finish with pleasant woody tannins. A versatile, lively cabernet for the table.
 Kosher
Opaque color. Typical aromas of black cherry, blackberry, plum, and currants with a lightly tannic, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, long, plum skin, blackberry, currants, and baking spice finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A cabernet that is not afraid to be a cabernet with classic cassis and dark chocolate-vanilla-cherry flavors and firm, toothsome tannins, ready for a dry aged cheese or well-marbled steak.
Opaque violet garnet color. Rich aromas of black currant, black raspberry, grilled plum, and vanilla-spice with a lightly tannic, medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long, black currant, cherry skin, blackberry, and pomegranate finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. Rich and juicy layers of currants, cherry and dark berries are wrapped with toothsome tannins, vanilla, baking spice, licorice and inky rich earth.
Opaque violet color. Bold aromas of black currant, black cherry, vanilla, and baking spice with a tannic, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium length, black currant, black cherry, toasty oak, and blackberry finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. Big and tight with dark fruit and firm tannins that will benefit from aging or pairing with a juicy steak.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet violet color. Attractive aromas of spicy cherry tart, honeycomb, and pickling spices with a silky, fruity body and a smooth, interesting, long, dried berries, nutskins, and mineral finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A delicious and zesty red for all occasions.
Dark garnet color. Oaky aromas of roasted coffee and nuts, chocolate toffee, and berry pie with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a interesting, medium length, mineral, vanilla, and pickled beet finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A lively and lush red blend that is sure to please.
Brick red color. Fruity aromas of Montmorency cherry cider and honeyed scone with a silky, fruity body and a smooth, interesting, medium length finish with fruit tannins and light oak. A great fruity sipper or bbq wine with fantastically pure cherry flavor.
Ruby color. Aromas of chokecherry and spice rubbed meat with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, simple, breezy, root vegetable, menthol, berries, and pickling spices finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A vibrantly delicious and balanced syrah that will shine at the table.
Ruby color. Aromas of black currant, black cherry, garden soil, and vanilla with a velvety, dry
Dark garnet color. Aromas of roasted nuts, toasted herbs, berry flan, and tobacco with a supple, medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium length, chocolate craisin, cedar, borscht, and orange finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A tangy and refreshing red that will be very versatile at the table.
Opaque brick red color. Rich aromas of black currant, blackberry, vanilla, and eucalyptus with a lightly tannic, dry medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long, black currant, black cherry, vanilla, and tobacco finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Rich with all the expected and quintessential Cabernet stuffing, firm and integrated new world tannins and swirlable complexity.
Ruby color. Aromas of meringue, nougat, and raspberry danish with a dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting, medium-long, olive, currant jam, menthol mint, and vanilla finish with soft tannins and light oak. A delicious and nuanced cabernet that is very versatile.
 Organically Grown Grapes-Certified Organic 
Garnet color. Floral aromas of lilac, huckleberry, brown spices, and tomato with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, medium-long, marinated beets, craisin, apricot, and sandalwood finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. An intricate, fragrant, and delicious red blend.
Brick red color. Typical aromas of cherry, black currant, blackberry, and vanilla with a velvety, medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long, cherry, wild strawberry, currants, and baking spice finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Everything you would be looking for in a Napa Valley cabernet with silky, sexy tannins and balanced oak.
Opaque garnet color. Fruity aromas of black cherry, lingonberry, black licorice, and pomegranate with a velvety, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, black cherry, crushed plum, dried strawberry, and blackberry compote finish with soft tannins and light oak. Packed with dark, juicy, jammy fruit that manages to keep all in balance with finesse, structure and a bright cherry note through to the juicy finish and well-integrated taught tannins.
Golden straw color. Fruity aromas of yellow apple, pear skin, honeysuckle, and orange blossom with a medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long, lemon, green apple, orange zest, and honeydew finish. Bright and refreshing acid kicks up the apple-honeydew flavors with a silky smooth roundness.
Blue violet opaque ruby color. Fruity aromas and flavors of ripe huckleberries, blackberry cobbler, black pepper, and mocha with a satiny, crisp, dry-yet-fruity full body and a graceful, very complex long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. Rich, well balanced, interesting red that is decidedly new world.
 Certified Organic 
Golden silver golden yellow color. Bright aromas and flavors of kiwi-lime custard tart and spiced apple with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and an effortless, engaging, medium-long finish with nuances of pineapple, cream, and nougat with no tannins and no oak. A delicious and zesty chardonnay that will be great at the table.
Dark brick red black color. Bright aromas and flavors of creamy mocha, spiced berries, roasted nuts, and chocolate mint with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, refreshing, medium-length finish with accents of borscht, earth, and eucalyptus with medium tannins. A nicely layered and savory red that delivers great taste, structure, and value.
Dark violet color. Smoky aromas and flavors of black cherry, black plum, French roast coffee, and roasted red pepper with a velvety, bright, dry medium-full body and a warming, layered, medium-long finish with accents of vanilla, brisket, and dried raspberry with chewy tannins and moderate oak. This big, chewy red combines dark fruit with meaty and fat notes of coffee, vanilla and dried fruit, all balanced with toothsome tannins and an inky core of fruit.
Pale golden yellow color. Attractive aromas and flavors of banana cream pie and peach yogurt with a supple, bright, off-dry light-to-medium body and a smooth, engaging, breezy finish with suggestions of kiwi and melon sorbet with fruit tannins and no oak. A delicious and mouthwatering off dry sipper or bbq wine.
Medium violet color. Rich aromas and flavors of blackberry, purple plum, black cherry, and dark chocolate with a supple, crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, appealing, medium-length finish with impressions of dried strawberry and watermelon with soft tannins and light oak. Exceptionally balanced, juicy berry, cherry and red melon flavors are framed by soft tannins and bright, refreshing acidity.
Gold color. Rich aromas and flavors of golden apple, ripe pear, butter, and mineral with a bright, dry medium-to-full body and a seamless, complex, medium-length finish with notes of white pineapple, honeydew, and toasted sesame with no tannins and light oak. Juicy white pineapple, pear and apple are given a generous, but deftly balanced treatment of fine grained French oak.
Brick red color. Toasty aromas and flavors of cherry, plum, vanilla, and mushroom with a lightly tannic, vibrant, dry medium-to-full body and a polished, complex, long finish with touches of rose, leather, cigar box, and dried raspberry with chewy tannins and light oak. The finish seems to go on forever as the layers of dark fruit, roses, and leather unfold with chewy, satisfying tannins and lively, thirst quenching crisp acidity.
Medium violet color. Rich aromas and flavors of cherry, plum, vanilla, and blackberry with a velvety, bright, dry medium body and a smooth, delightful breezy finish with soft tannins and light oak. This Tuscan red is full of straight forward red and black fruit for every day enjoyment.
Silvery straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of white grapefruit, bell pepper, apple, and lemongrass with a soft, vibrant, bone-dry medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-long finish with touches of peach and nectarine with no tannins and no oak. Crisp and lively notes of lemongrass and grapefruit lead to a palette of sweet peaches and nectarines finishing bright and dry.
Dark ruby color. Rich aromas and flavors of black cherry, blackberry, plum, and vanilla with a velvety, bright, dry medium body and a graceful, delightful, medium-length finish with notes of mocha with soft tannins and moderate oak. Elevated everyday enjoyment is what you will enjoy with this cherry and berry packed cabernet that fills you palate with fruit, vanilla, mocha and soft, but present tannin structure.
Dark garnet black color. Bright aromas and flavors of pistachio toffee, mocha, and berry tart with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, medium-long finish with nuances of coffee gelato with fine tannins and light oak. A delicious and crowd pleasing cabernet for all occasions.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of peanut butter, cocoa, dried berries, and cheese rind with a soft, tangy, fruity medium body and a tingling, complex, medium-length finish with notes of melon, vanilla cream, plum pudding, and cedar with chewy tannins and light oak. A fun, enticing red that will be a good foil for grilled game.
Medium blue violet ruby color. Savory aromas and flavors of spiced berries, hint of smoked meat, pan grille, and turned earth with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, interesting medium-length finish with earthy tannins and moderate oak. A youthful grippy merlot.
Garnet color. Aromas and flavors of pickled beets and sweet relish with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, amusing, medium-long finish with impressions of dried berries, sweet tobacco, and cocoa with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A lovely, versatile merlot.
Medium violet ruby color. Fruity aromas and flavors of ripe berries, black raspberry, and fruitcake with a dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a smooth, nuanced medium-long finish with fine tannins and moderate oak. A very approachable easy drinking red.
Dark garnet color. Fruity aromas and flavors of berry compote, pistachio nougat, and orange cake with a silky, vibrant, fruity body and a smooth, medium-length finish with notes of toffee and sweet citrus with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious and polished red that will be great on it's own or with a variety of dishes.
Garnet dark color. Bold aromas and flavors of black cherry, baking spice, blackberry, and dark soil with a lightly tannic, soft, dry medium-to-full body and a polished, stimulating, medium-length finish with touches of dried plum and black licorice with soft tannins and moderate oak. This is a masculine style Pinot full of dark fruits and generous wood that manages to keep its tannins, body and oak notes all in balance.
Ruby medium color. Attractive aromas and flavors of cherry, plum, grilled orange, and toasty vanilla with a satiny, crisp, dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, refreshing, medium-long finish with shades of boysenberry, raspberry, and baking spice with dusty tannins and moderate oak. Classic Sangiovese cherry and berry notes come thru the nose, palate and finish along with generous vanilla and baking spice packed new oak.
Medium garnet color. Bold aromas and flavors of blackberry, vanilla, black cherry, and plum with a velvety, soft, dry medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy finish with accents of boysenberry and cocoa with soft tannins and light oak. Bold and juicy, this Zin delivers classic flavors and aromas with soft tannins and a cherry-berry finish.
Pale golden yellow color. Mellow aromas and flavors of pineapple chutney and peach pastry with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a graceful, engaging, medium-length finish with notes of lemon sorbet, honeyed apple, nut brittle, and spice with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious and vibrant chardonnay with great mouthwatering acidity for the table.
Pale golden silver color. Aromas and flavors of grilled pineapple, honey, and apple pie with a silky, tangy, fruity medium body and a smooth, medium-length finish with notes of nut with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A text book California chardonnay that will be quite versatile.
Gold color. Lively aromas and flavors of spiced apples, pickled melon, and dried apricot with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, amusing, medium-length finish with overtones of pineapple cake with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A juicy and expressive chardonnay.
Golden yellow color. Toasty aromas and flavors of golden apple, vanilla toast, Bartlett pear, and caramel with a velvety, soft, dry full body and a warming, complex, long finish with notes of cream, brioche, baked apple, and grilled lemon with fine tannins and moderate oak. Indulgent layers of baked apple, ripe pear, butter, brioche and cream invite sipping on its own or highlighting indulgent foods.
Pale platinum color. Bright aromas and flavors of honey crisp apples and honeysuckle with a soft, crisp, off-dry medium-to-full body and a amusing finish with fruit tannins. Rounded sleek flavor, very refreshing.
Straw color. Lively aromas of pineapple, white peach, creek stones, and pear D'Anjou with a silky, tangy, dry medium body and an even, complex, medium-long lemon, lime zest, white grapefruit, and granite finish with no tannins and no oak. This is a glass that is hard to set down from its inviting nose of white peach, pineapple and Pear D'Anjou to its crisp mineral-driven palate and finally its lively, crisp, lip-smacking finish.
Pale straw color. Bright aromas and flavors of ripe lemons, Schweppes bitter lemon, and toast with a lightly tannic, crisp, dry medium-to-full body and an effortless, complex medium-long finish with light oak. Nicely balanced refreshing white wine for the table.
Gold color. Aromas and flavors of ginger, jasmine, golden pineapple, and apricot with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an effortless, intricate, medium-long finish with nuances of aged cheddar, lemon curd, toffee, and white roses with no tannins and no oak. Complex and balanced, this Vignoles is as fun to smell as it is to sip its ginger-fruit-jasmine nose and palate with a touch of cheddar, lemon curd and roses, all finishing with lip smacking acidity.
Emerald straw color. Fruity aromas and flavors of lightly spiced quince, musky peach, apricot pit, and dried twigs with a supple, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a warming, complex medium-long finish with light oak. Full-bodied balanced white wine that can take on big flavors.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate mint cookie and berry chutney with a supple, bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, delightful, medium-length finish with nuances of menthol mint, honeyed nuts, and roasted beet with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A delicious and lively go-to wine for all occasions, especially Middle Eastern cuisine.
Garnet color. Interesting aromas of cherry compote, pepper bread, fennel, and chocolate bar with a supple, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length cranberry toast, minerals, kiwi, and blood orange finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. A great, table friendly tempranillo with palate refreshing acidity and structure.
Dark garnet color. Peppery aromas of roasted cherries and peppers and black raspberry tart with a bright, fruity medium-to-full body and a peppery, captivating, medium-length chocolate nuts, bold peppery spices, and caramel apple finish with chewy tannins and light oak. A big brawny zinfandel for sipping.
Medium ruby color. Interesting aromas of pistachio gelato, dried cherries, flavored honey, and clay with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length raspberry, apple skin, and cocoa finish with silky tannins and light oak. An exceptionally balanced and claret-like zinfandel.
Pale gold color. Rich aromas and flavors of tropical fruit salad, creamy nougat, and waxy honeycomb with a crisp, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, refreshing, medium-length finish with nuances of vanilla cream and brown spices with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A rich, tropical chardonnay with generous oak.
Golden silver color. Delicate fruity aromas of spiced apples and pineapples, sweet pepper jelly, and coconut cream with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a tingling, stimulating, medium-length sweet citrus and praline finish with crunchy tannins and light oak. Nice tropical vibrancy and balance.
Pale golden yellow color. Lively aromas and flavors of spiced apple and pineapple compote with a silky, tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a sleek, interesting, long finish with notes of vanilla cream, nougat, and honey with fine tannins and light oak. A robustly delicious chardonnay for pleasure packed sipping or rich poultry and seafood dishes.
Dark brick red color. Curious aromas and flavors of marinated olives, spiced cherries, and melted honeycomb with a supple, bright, fruity medium body and a smooth, stimulating, medium-length finish with notes of blood orange, earth, and whole nuts with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A very interesting mature red with lots of rustic, savory, food friendly flavors.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Opaque dark garnet color. Bold aromas and flavors of black cherries, tobacco, funky toasty yeast, and cleaned up with air with a chewy, vibrant, bone-dry full body and a mildly astringent, elaborate, long finish with well-integrated tannins and moderate oak. A pretty wine with nice tearing, rich warm flavors follow.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of cassis jam, eucalyptus, chocolate mint, and cocoa butter with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, amusing, medium-length finish revealing notes of pomegranate, Asian spices, and green apple with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious, smooth cabernet with great fruit and herbaceousness.
Opaque color. Bright aromas and flavors of boysenberry custard, toffee, and sweet baking spices with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and a tingling, delightful, medium-length finish with notes of cedar, nutskin, and vanilla cream with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A supple, tasty, nicely balanced spicy Napa cabernet with very good depth and structure for the table.
Medium violet ruby color. Inviting aromas and flavors of bread dough, blackberries, and white pepper with a chewy, vibrant, dryish full body and a warming, prodigious, medium-long finish with chewy tannins and moderate oak. A very fruit driven hedonic red wine.
Pale golden straw color. Rich aromas and flavors of grapefruit curd, guava, and macadamia brittle with a silky, vibrant, dry-yet-fruity body and a smooth, intriguing, medium-length finish with elements of melon and gooseberry with fruit tannins and no oak. A delicious and juicy sauvignon blanc with great purity of fruit.
 Certified Organic-Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Certified Organic-Fair Trade Certified-Organically Grown Grapes 
 Demeter Certified Biodynamic 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
 Certified Organic-Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Garnet violet color. Aromas of cassis, olive, roasted pepper and vanilla candle wax with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty blood orange. grilled pepper, and cedar finish. A very lively and spicy cabernet that will be great with Latin beef or pork dishes.
Garnet violet black color. Interesting aromas of spiced melon, berries, and floral honey with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy pomegranate, chocolate goji berry and mineral finish. Excellent complexity and subtle layers of flavor that will be great at the table.
Bright egg yolk yellow color. Bold sliced mango aromas and flavors with a rich, fruity sweet medium-full body and a hint of honey, coconut and violet candy on the finish. Delicious and pure. This is sure to be a hit at parties.
Bright medium garnet color. Aromas and flavors of menthol, muted berries, sour cherries, and dries leaves with a tannic, bright, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, charming, short finish with gritty tannins and moderate oak.
Ruby color. Bright aromas and flavors of dried sour cherries and raisins with a silky, bright, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium-length finish with notes of delicate spiced nuts, honey cream, and earth with chewy tannins and light oak. A graceful pinot with nice purity.
Ruby color. Lively, interesting aromas and flavors of toffee, dried cherry, and salted cod with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium body and a smooth, captivating, crisp finish displaying accents of blackberry jam on raisin toast with well-integrated tannins and light oak. A delicious, easy-drinking cabernet that will cover a lot of bases.
Bright dark garnet color. Inviting, attractive aromas and flavors of black currants, toasted coconuts, cream, and soft pepper with a supple, lively, dry full body and a graceful, complex, long finish with firm tannins and moderate oak.
Violet black color. Aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts, espresso, and dried cherries with a silky, lively, fruity medium-to-full body and an effortless, complex, medium-length finish that exhibits notes of vanilla, caramel, and slate with light oak. A tasty, voluptuous red that is sure to please.
Pale silvery straw color. Interesting, fruity, yeasty aromas and flavors of piña colada, lemon Greek yogurt, stollen, and honeycomb with a lively, off-dry light-to-medium body and a sleek, delightful, medium-length finish displaying notes of honeyed apples and peaches and Meyer lemon tart with no oak. A delicious and vibrant fruit-forward white blend that is sure to please.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Golden straw bright medium color. Complex aromas and flavors of lemons, gooseberries, cats pee, and turned earth with a chewy, tangy, dry full body and a peppery, complex finish with fine tannins and light oak.
Deep garnet. Aroma and flavors of boysenberries, apple, spice, and nougat with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and a peppercorn and mineral accented finish with chewy tannins. A tasty table wine.
Garnet. Waxy plum, spice and earth aromas with a crisp, dryish medium body and tart firm tannin finish. Muscular, tight and focused.
Bright floral aromas of yellow rose, lavender, golden apples and plums with a racy, sweet medium body and juicy, tangy, honeyed orange and lemon finish. A delicious off-dry sipper.
Deep ruby color. Aromas of toffee, waxy honeycomb and spiced cranberries and plums with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a savory salted pistachio, tomato relish and chocolate berry pie crust accented finish. Nice Old World style and balance for the table.
Bright ruby color. Aromas of chocolate covered cherries, praline, and tomato relish with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp craisin, honeyed carrot and peppery spice accented finish. Very tasty and table friendly.
Opaque garnet black color. Licorice, root beer, and baked berry aromas with a tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a spice cherry tart finish. Different and fun.
Aromas of melted chocolate toffee and sour cherry pie and cider with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, citrus, raspberry and pickled beet accented finish. A very lively and refreshing table wine.
Garnet color. Bright aromas of raspberry compote and cracked pepper with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a pencil lead, orange marmalade and beet-parsnip relish accented finish. A delicious, flavorful pinot for sipping or the table.
Alluring electric amethyst color. Bold perfumed blueberry, light menthol tobacco, and potpourri aromas with a silky, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and an elegant violet candy and blueberry sorbet finish. Excellent purity, vibrancy and style.
Deep ruby black color. Rich dried berry, sultan raisin, fig paste, and roasted chestnut aromas with a silky fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a chocolate, prune, and dusty cedar on the finish.
Rich aromas of waxy honeycomb, chocolate cherry, sweetgrass, muddy twigs, and delicate tarragon with a vivacious, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long orange custard, toffee and spiced apple accented finish. A deliciously complex pinot for the table.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas and flavors of cracked black pepper, cocoa, and craisin with silky, dryish medium body and an elegant pencil shaving, mineral and boysenberry accented finish. Excellent.
Opaque garnet violet color. Rich crushed raisin and chocolate craisins aromas and flavors with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, citrus, pear, and peppery spice snap on the mouthwatering finish.
 Certified Organic-Biodynamic-Demeter Certified 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Aromas of lemon cream pie, beeswax, peach and lime marmalades with a supple, fruity sweet medium body and a tangy, toasty peach tart and lightly smoky mineral finish. Very nice.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Pale silver straw color. Bold honeyed lime zest and spiced golden plum aromas with a silky, fruity sweet medium body and a golden raisin compote, honeyed lemon peel, melon and chalk eraser accented finish. Flavorful and fun.
Purple color. Melted toffee, bacon, and fig aromas have an interesting spinach-onion dip note with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium and body and a tangy, cranberry and earth finish. A fun, polished table wine.
Tawny red brick color. Aromas of baked berries, honeycomb, and forest floor with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a chocolate covered craisin, dried tomato and peppery spice finish. A fine food wine.
Silvery golden color. Aromas of honeyed peach, white flower, and herbal citrus marmalade with a lightly effervescent fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a crisp, white vermouth accented finish. Zesty and attractive.
Ruby color. Aromas of spiced plums, currant buttercream, and nougat with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, cranberry-orange relish and tomato tart finish. Very appetizing.
Vibrant violet color. A very interesting collage of aromas suggest plums, five star spiced praline, flowers, and pickled tomatoes with a supple, dryish medium body and a pencil shaving, pink peppercorn, and sour cherry accented finish. Very nice flavor and structure, will be great at the table.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Pale golden yellow color. Bright aromas of pineapple pie and lime curd with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, precise tropical citrus, coconut, and spice finish. Lovely balance and style for sipping or the table.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Pale silvery straw color. Bright aromas of spicy peach meringue pie and kiwi-lime marmalade with a silky fruity light-to-medium body and a crisp, mouthwatering tangerine and honey accented finish. A great sipper or spicy food wine.
Aromas of vanilla toffee, mocha cream, and blueberry gelato with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, smooth, pencil shaving and spice accented finish.
 Organically Grown Grapes-Certified Organic 
Garnet violet color. Aromas of blueberry, chocolate, grilled grapefruit and smoked pink peppercorn with a supple, fruity medium body and a smooth, tangy, blackberry, green apple skin and cedar dust. Exotically fun and flavorful and a great table choice.
Pale silvery straw color. Lush aromas of guava, grapefruit, and green pepper with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy citrus and banana leaf accented finish. Fresh and exotically flavorful.
Red brick color. Aromas of cranberry jelly, cracked pepper, dried tropical fruits and roasted nuts with a silky, dryish medium body and a salty pickle, cedar dust, and tangy currant accented finish. An excellent, lively, balanced table wine.
Earthy aromas and flavors of sautéed berries and mushroom are very reminiscent of Bordeaux and follow through with a supple dryish medium-to-full body and a long, complex clay, cedar, damp forest floor and peppery spice accented finish. A delightful Old World styled table wine.
Deep ruby black color. Rich aromas of creamy vanilla, berry pie, and pickling spices with a soft, tart and tangy medium body with a nice solid core of chewy berry fruit and a nutty praline, spice and earth accented finish. Very nice.
Deep garnet purple color. Dense aromas of raisins, creme brulee, cocoa, and beeswax candle with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a rich, chewy, cigar tobacco and salted nut finish. Delicious and fine tuned for the table.
Lush buttery aromas of chocolate caramel candy bar and dried cherries with a rich, satiny dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, chocolate covered berry, vanilla buttercream, and citrus accented finish with fine, earthy tannins. Very attractive.
Aromas of cassis, vanilla peppermint bark, and pickle with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, spicy poached pear, cedar, and earth accented finish with fine, chewy tannins.
Deep amethyst color. Chocolate cherry, graham cracker, and vanilla fondant aromas with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long raspberry pie a la mode and crunchy tannin finish. A real crowd pleaser with great flavor and structure.
Aromas of chocolate fondue, floral honey, dried currant, and cedar embers with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and and a tangy, roasted nut and peppery charcoal dust finish. Very smooth and inviting.
Rich savory aromas and flavors of chocolate nuts, roasted tomato, sautéed olives, and forest floor with a dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, chewy, cedar and peppercorn accented finish. A wonderfully dry Old World styled table wine.
Deep garnet color. Rich aromas of eucalyptus, juniper, cardamom and plum chutney with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a plump chocolate covered berry and spice finish. Delicious and lively.
Ruby color. Aromas of berry taffy, leather, and cherry tobacco with a silky, soft fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, blackberry cobbler finish. A thoroughly charming and well crafted red blend.
 Kosher
 Kosher
Bright golden color. Aromas of angel food cake crust and delicate floral bath talc with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy apple, caramelized nut, and pineapple sorbet finish. A nice elegantly styled chardonnay.
Golden color. Lovely aromas of pineapple soufflé and coconut cream with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a graceful, delicately spicy, nutty finish. An expressive well balanced, lightly oaked table wine.
Expressive aromas of apple-mango chutney, coconut cake, and spicy praline with a rounded fruity medium-to-full body and a pure, mouthwatering crushed apple, clementine, and honeydew sorbet finish. Deliciously vibrant.
$19.99.
 Certified Organic 
Aromas of cherry creme brulee, beeswax and pistachio praline with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a rich, chewy, cherry and cedar accented finish. A lush, concentrated table wine.
Pale golden color. Honeyed apple and citrus, fleur de sal, and nougat aromas and flavors with a dryish light body and a hint of rubber, apple and lemon pulp on the crisp finish. A great choice for seafood.
Silvery pink color. Vibrant aromas of spicy cherry-raspberry chutney, coriander, and sweet pickled peppers with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, piquant apple, watermelon, and beet accented finish. Deliciously exotic.
Pale golden straw color. Aromas of fancy floral bath soap and lychee with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a spicy pear sauce and honeyed nectarine finish. A delicious sipper.
Pale silvery golden color. Attractively floral, peach gelato, nougat, and golden apple aromas with a silky, fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a crisp, crunchy honeyed apple, clementine and pear finish. Delicious.
Zesty grilled coconut, Key lime, praline and mango aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy nectarine skin, salt, and earth finish. Not a lot of varietal character, but very tasty and stylish.
Aromas of white strawberries, lemon chiffon, and pressed flowers with a supple, dryish medium body and a yellow pepper, baked citrus and grass accented finish. Very nice and a solid choice for the table.
Silvery straw color. Bright, pure aromas of grapefruit and green pepper with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a grassy, limestone and Meyer lemon finish. Tasty and super food friendly.
Golden color. Rich French fruit tart aromas with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, pure honeyed apple, tangerine and kiwi accented finish. Delicious.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of smoky toffee and coffee and chocolate covered sour cherries with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crunchy apple and minerally earth accented finish. A charming, lively sipper or table wine somewhat reminiscent of a CdP.
Deep garnet violet color. Dense aromas of chocolate mint and dried blueberries and cherries with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy cedar, raspberry, spice, and charcoal accented finish. A very tasty, tangy, almost zin-like pinot for sipping or the table.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet with a black gray cast. Honeycomb, chocolate nuts and graham crackers, and cherry tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, tomato, plum, and pepper accented finish. A nice savory pinot for the table.
Deep ruby color. Pencil shavings, pepper, honeycomb and cherry custard with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an elegant herb, dried citrus, and mineral finish. Great Old World acidity and poise for the table; serve with grilled tuna steaks.
Aromas of smoked nuts, baked cherries, toffee and floral beeswax with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a meaty, tomato, salt, and herb accented finish. A delicious savory, pinot for the table.
Rich aromas of mocha, roasted nut and cherry gelato with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a spicy, dried apricot, raspberry, floral and sandalwood finish.
Chocolate covered espresso bean, oven roasted tomato, cherry marmalade with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a resonant, tangy, berry and citrus peel finish. A lovely sipper or table wine.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of raspberries, cocoa, baking spice and coconut custard with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a pleasing medley of dark and red berry, spiced pear, and kiwi notes on the lively, chewy tannin finish. A great choice for Asian beef and pork dishes.
Aromas of medicinal cherry lozenge, dried eucalyptus, and dried meat with a silky, dryish medium-to-full body and a long roasted nut, grilled apple, cranberry, peppercorn, and dusty earth finish. A great savory pinot for the table.
Deep ruby black color. Elegant aromas of cherry chutney, pepper, cedar, and flower bed with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tart berry, spice, and mineral finish. Appetizing and polished in a very Old World style.
Ruby black color. Aromas of dried flowers, honeycomb, dried cherries and tomatoes with a soft, dryish medium body and a spicy baked apple and starfruit accented finish. A pleasant sipper or table wine.
Aromas of candle wax, pressed flowers, and raspberry coulis with a juicy, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, complex, green tomato, kumquat, green apple, and earth accented finish. A very zesty, mouthwatering barbera that will triumph at the table.
Aromas of chocolate caramels, nougat, and spicy black raspberry pie with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy apple, pomegranate, cedar, and dusty tomato accented finish. A nice chewy table wine.
Rich fruity aromas of raspberry pastry, fruit gum, salted chocolate, and spice with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, juicy finish. A yummy, crowd pleasing zin.
Garnet color. Aromas of berry pie and nut brittle with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, savory roasted tomato, pepper, and black cherry accented finish. Nice balance in a drier, claret style.
Violet color. Aromas and flavors of bubbling berry pie, bacon fat, and praline with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, tangy, smoked nut, craisin, and earth finish. Great balance and table friendly meatiness.
Ruby black color. Aromas of spicy cherry butter on pound cake and delicate herbs with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a baked berry, pepper, licorice, and citrus accented finish. Nice balance and style for the table.
Deep garnet violet color. Mocha, black raspberry, chocolate nut, and roasted root vegetable aromas with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a savory beet, apple and pencil shaving accented finish. A very nice dry table wine that will be excellent with roasts.
Ruby black color. Aromas of pickled peppers, cherry cider, chocolate graham cracker, and peppercorns with a supple, dryish medium body and a grilled quince, plum, and nut finish. Tasty.
Rich black raspberry, toffee, and graham cracker aromas and flavors with a chewy, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a toasty cedar, grilled apple, pepper and earth finish with firm, chewy tannins. Serious flavor, weight and structure here.
Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered espresso beans and berries and caramelized walnuts with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a lively melon and earth accented finish. A nice sipper.
Dense aromas of pickled okra, dried mulberries, chocolate and pepper with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a savory currant, dusty root vegetable and spice. A very nice savory syrah for roasts.
Mild aromas of banana bread, peach, and creme Anglaise with a crisp, dryish medium body and a lovely quince and mineral accent on the finish. A dead ringer for a lighter Rhone white.
Aromas of coffee and root beer candies and dried cherries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy spiced apple, blackberry and earth finish. A very Chinon-like cab franc.
Straw yellow green color. Aromas of lemon meringue and nougat with a crisp, effervescent fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a tangy, mouthwatering kiwi, green apple, and chalk accented finish. A very nice, zesty sparkler that will be great at the table.
Light silvery straw color. Floral aromas of honeysuckle, peach, coconut creme, and lemon chiffon with a dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a honeyed melon, apple, and earth accented finish. A very elegant and appealing riesling.
Aromas of kiwi yogurt, balsamic drizzled melon, and lemon ice with a frothy, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nicely balanced, tangy finish with a touch of earth. A stylish sipper. Try with duck rillettes.
Deep garnet color. Very spicy and floral plum custard pie, bitters, and potpourri aromas with a frothy sweet medium-to-full body and a dense resonant blueberry sorbet and spice finish. Great purity and vibrancy; try with spicy Asian food or pirogis.
 Kosher
Tart grapefruit-peppery jelly, sweet citrus pastry and gooseberry aromas with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a relaxed mango and apple accented finish. Very refreshing and stylistically complex.
Deep ruby black color. Rich blackberry compote aromas and flavors with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a peppered nut, lightly medicinal herb, and sundried tomato jelly accented finish. Nice complexity and savory mouthwatering acidity.
Pretty brassy amber color. Aromas of vanilla cream, marzipan, and spiced mango with a silky, fruity sweet medium-full body and a seamless, tropical citrus custard and pepper jelly accented finish. A deliciously different after-dinner offering.
Ruddy deep amber copper color. Aromas of dried apricot, honey butter, pink pepper, and leather with a satiny fruit sweet medium-to-full body and a juicy, zippy berry cider, apple, almond, vanilla, and baking spices accented finish.
Aromas and flavors of caramel apple, honeycomb, boysenberries, and delicate blossoms with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, tangy cherry, praline and dusty tannins finish. A spot on, everyday Rioja that is very versatile.
Garnet purple color. Raisin, dark berry, praline and warm vanilla custard aromas and flavors with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a well structured tangy, cocoa and coffee accented finish with nice chewy tannins. Good depth and texture.
Attractive honeyed brioche, lemon marmalade, nougat, and peach with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a racy lime candy, nut and mineral finish. Very lively and refreshing
Garnet color. Aromas of raspberry-cherry pie a la mode and chocolate with supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a tangy, chewy, grilled apple, herb and nut accented finish. A very tasty and well structured red.
Aromas of dried cherries, spice, leather and mocha with silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, apple, citrus marmalade, nut and earth accented finish. A zesty table wine.
Aromas of clay, praline, wax, leather cassis and olive with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, juicy craisin and spiced cherry finish. Very nice; will be great at the table.
Aromas and flavors of olive, clay and dried cherry with silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, savory, spicy finish. Excellent flavor and structure.
Pale golden amber color. Bright aromas and flavors of nutty nougat, peach pie a la mode, and spiced apple with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a citrus marmalade on toast accented finish. A rather robustly flavorful pinot grigio with nice balance.
Ruby red color with an orange-red brick rim. Interesting aromas of olive tapenade, dried pears, and raspberries with a tangy medium body and a tart pomegranate, chocolate, green tomato, and peppery spice finish. A racy sipper or table wine that will cut through oily foods like a knife.
Ruby black color. Aromas of black raspberry creme brulee and chutney with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a rich concentrated, tangy cranberry, maple balsamic, cedar, and spice finish with firm oak tannins. Give this time or a well marbled steak.
Garnet color. Aromas and flavors of green tomato, chocolate pretzel, carrot cake, cranberry compote with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy finish with grassy, leafy tannins. Lots of Old World and varietal character.
Garnet purple color. Bright aromas and flavors of black currants, raspberries, chocolate, cedar and spice with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, baked apple and praline finish with nice dusty tannins. Great balance for the table.
Rich savory aromas and flavors of chocolate, sundried tomatoes, herbs, pepper,and dried boysenberries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and tangy. sandalwood and spice accented finish. Very tasty.
Aromas of pomegranate jam, pistachio nougat, cherry custard, and spice with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy, chocolate raspberry with silky tannins. A fun flavorful malbec for all occasions.
Garnet violet color. Aromas and flavors of spice box, chocolate berries, and vanilla custard with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, juicy, tangy blackberry, peppery, cedar, and earth tannin finish. A vibrantly fruity, spot on Malbec.
Rich chocolate craisin, roasted root vegetable, and blueberry soufflé aromas and flavors with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, spicy berry compote and chewy tannins. A very nice savory merlot for the table.
Ruby black color. Mellow aromas of spiced plum, chocolate graham crackers, delicate herbs and cream with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a craisin, pepper finish with chewy earth tannins. A serious steak wine with a pleasing Old World character.
Silvery straw color. Aromas of spiced pear and pineapple custard with a supple, fruity medium body and a juicy honeyed grilled citrus and melon sorbet finish. A very tasty and layered off-dry sipper.
Garnet violet color. Toasty boysenberry pie crust and chocolate covered graham cracker aromas with a silky, dryish medium-to-full body and a roasted nut and tomato and peppery spice accented finish. A seriously structured, nicely oaked chambourcin.
Very spicy cherry chutney and orange-mint sorbet aromas with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty, sandalwood and spiced citrus marmalade finish with dusty tannins. A vibrant table wine that will shine with spicy Asian pork and beef dishes.
Bright aromas of strawberry and cherry sauces, sandalwood and spice with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a creamy vanilla, spiced pear, and peach accented finish. A delicious everyday sipper.
Lovely chocolate cherry fudge brownie a la mode aromas and flavors with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a nicely balanced, earthy apple and kiwi accented finish. Pair with bbq brisket.
Aromas of sandalwood, nuts,dried fruit and cocoa with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mint, spice and herb accented finish with gripping tannins. Very nice structure; pair with grilled beef.
Ripe pear, yellow delicious apple, vanilla, yellow melon, mango and white peach lead to a rich balanced mid-palate with vanilla-rich French Oak not overpowering the long, balanced finish. Acidity is just enough to be balanced with also being approachable enough to enjoy also without food. Would not describe it as crisp, more full and balanced.
Black raspberry, ripe dark cherries, damson plums, cassis and vanilla bean with crushed boysenberry and brown spice unfold into a svelt full body, well balanced and long. Fairly complex and voluptuous without being over the top. A juicy style of cabernet.
2011 Bordeaux Blanc $9.99. Best Buy.
Yellow apples, Bartlett pears, green apples, lemon skin, limestone, wet stones and zippy acidity are consistent from nose to palate to finish. Well-balanced, with plenty of tree fruit, acidity and minerality to create a long and interesting finish.
Stewed plums, crushed black cherries and strawberry compote lead to a deeply earthy mushroomy depth on the nose that follows thru on the palate. Black raspberries persist with fruit-balancing acidity and enough earthiness to be interesting, but not too much to take focus from the unctuous fruit.
Rich dried tropical fruit granola, pickled pepper, and toffee aromas with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a graceful, spiced apple and melon accented finish with supple tannins. A fun, flavorful sipper or pair with spicy pork and veal dishes.
Deep aromas of currants, olives, chocolate and clay with a tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a lively pomegranate, mineral and spice finish. Nice complexity, varietal character and vibrancy. A rock solid value.
Aromas of berry pie a la mode and dill pickle with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, craisin, cedar, and spiced coconut finish with powdery tannins. Put this down for a year or two for even better results.
Aromas and flavors of berry creme brulee and toffee with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy spiced cherry and citrus driven finish. A delicious, zesty, fruit-forward merlot that is sure to please.
Red currants, Fraises du Bois, Forest Floor, wild mushrooms, Vinous red cherries, prunes, dried pomegranate, vanilla and baking spice. Medium bodied with soft tannins, refreshing acidity and a medium long balanced finish. Very Bordeaux-like.
 Certified Organic 
Aromas of roasted nuts and berry pie crust with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a juicy, tangy craisin, cocoa, and spice finish. A delicious zin that will go great with most meat dishes.
Bright pineapple, praline and apple pie aromas with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a crisp, citrus and spice finish. A very tasty oak aged chardonnay. Pair with chicken and pasta dishes.
 Certified Organic 
Black cherry, boysenberry, plum and figs with a palate rich with dark fruits, soft tannins and a fairly long finish. Fruit has a ripe and almost roasty quality without being overripe. Excellent acidity balances the rich, dark fruit.
Aromas of lychee yogurt, sour cream frosting, and dried peach with a crisp, fruity medium body and a honeyed yellow apple, bubblegum spice, and delicate wheatgrass accented finish. A fun, fruity crowd pleasing white.
Mild waxy apple and dried pineapple and spiced nut aromas with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium body and a grilled citrus and apple finish with crisp, mouthwatering acidity. Great balance and elegantly styled.
Aromas of honeycomb and cherry-berry tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy spiced cherry, cedar and lime sorbet finish. Zesty acidity makes this a great choicer for spicy Asian and Latin meat dishes.
Bright aromas of peach, lemon curd and nougat with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a supple, elegantly balanced finish. A great everyday sipper that will pair well with many foods.
Red cherry, black raspberry, crushed boysenberry, lingonberry, vanilla and black raspberry are consistent from the nose to the palate to the finish. Soft tannins, medium bodied and very well-balanced. Long finish of zesty fruit, integrated tannins and a touch of fine grained oak.
Coconut water, banana custard, pear tart, brown sugar pie crust & tart apples leads to a dry finish and light body. Balanced and very pleasant for a drinker looking for a light white.
Lush fruity aromas and flavors of peach, meringue, and praline with a satiny medium body and a tangy, citrus, melon, apple and spice finish. Nice complexity and style makes this a winner crowd pleaser.
Smoky grilled stone fruits, baked apple, and nut aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and an elegant, almost savory finish with delicate layers of earth and fruit. A great choice for grilled shrimp.
Complex aromas of pineapple, apple pie passionfruit, and guava with a silky fruity medium-to-full body and a vibrant kiwi, melon and sweet cream finish. A delicious wine for all occasions that delivers great flavor and value.
Aromas of vanilla buttercream and cherry-raspberry pie with a silky fruity medium-to-full body and smooth, tangy, nicely balanced finish. A spot-on petite sirah that is sure to be a hit; pair with spicy Latin beef dishes.
Rich aromas and flavors of jasmine and honeyed peaches with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy Meyer lemon and green apple finish. A tasty dry riesling with fine balance and table friendliness.
Steely pink color. Aromas and flavors of cassis jam and honeyed citrus with a tangy, fruity medium body and a pleasant fruity finish. A spot on kir in a bottle.
Earl grey tea, lavender, white cassis, peaches, ripe nectarines on the nose with lively white raspberries and a crisp, balanced finish. Lip-smacking and really interesting, makes you keep going back for more.
Cherries, lingonberries, boysenberries, licorice, vanilla, mocha, dark soil and a hint of lavender lead to a complex palate balancing between the floral and berry packed fruit. Acid is exceptionally balanced, tannins soft and finish consistent with the nose and mid-palate.
Aromas of caramel cake, spiced apple and nougat with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a creamy, well balanced finish with a lovely kiwi and pineapple notes. Excellent style and restraint; serve with wide range of white meats and fish.
Lush plum pudding and berry bread aromas with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, spicy, boysenberry, nut, and mineral finish with nice chewy tannins. Excellent balanced and vibrant for sipping or paired Asian beef dishes.
Aromas of chocolate covered espresso bean and dried currant with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, sour cherry and honey roasted nut and a chewy tannin finish. Nice smoothness and balance; will be very flexible at the table.
Aromas and flavors of warm tapioca, fresh English toffee, and chocolate covered cherries with a silky fruity medium-to-full body and a well rounded and balanced watermelon accented finish. Tasty and very versatile.
Spicy fruit cake, raspberry butter on rye, and faint dried meat aromas with a silky fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy choke cherry jam finish with balancing fine tannins. A stellar pizza wine or pair with holiday turkey and sweet potatoes.
Deep purple color. Rich berry pie, chocolate, cedar and spice aromas and flavors with a fruity medium body and tangy citrus, apple and spiced nut finish. A tasty crowd-pleasing sipper that will be a winner at the party.
Ripe pears, papaya, white peaches and sweet nectarines lead to a refreshingly fruity palate, well balanced and carrying the fruits thru to the finish. Very pretty and stylish. Juicy and luscious while being remarkably refreshing.
Sliced Lemon, lime zest, white grapefruit and fresh cut grass lead into a crisp refreshing palate, zippy and clean with a touch of herbs balancing the citrus, melons, passion fruit and herbs on the finish.
Earthy black raspberry, crushed cherry, wild mushrooms, dried boysenberry, damson plums and Autumn leaves funk lead to a silky, sexy palate and if not long, perfectly balanced finish. Sure to turn a new world Pinot lover into an old world pinot lover.
Aromas of lemon balm, dried apples and citrus custard with silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a very crisp, pineapple, mineral and delicate peppery spice accented finish. A dry Chablis-like chardonnay that will shine with seafood.
Aromas of dried apricot and delicate spice with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy citrus spritzed apple and nut finish. Great varietal character and balanced.
Unusual aromas of starched linen, flax oil and Asian spiced strawberries with a silky fruity medium body and a tangy citrus marmalade and sour cherry finish. A pretty, exotic rose to pair with Indian food.
Silvery straw color. Aromas of apple cider and walnuts with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, almost savory baked nectarine and earth finish. Very refined and balanced. An ideal sipper or pair with scallops.
Bright pear and apple sauce aromas and flavors with a fruity sweet medium body and a tangy, citrus sorbet and earth finish. A crisp, off-dry cider-like flavor ride. Pair with holiday birds or spicy Chinese food.
Black cherry, cassis, tomato leaf, cedar, pencil lead, vanilla, a touch of licorice, brown spice, fresh turned garden soil and wild raspberries lead to a medium bodied soft wine, integrated tannins and balancing acidity leading a supple finish. Moderately complex and very well put together.
Rich chocolate toffee and graham cracker and berry jam aromas with a satiny dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and an oily, nut, apple and earth accented finish. A super smooth and not too fruity sipper that is sure to please or pair with braised pork and beef dishes.
Pineapple, peaches, papaya, mango and tangerine with a slatey minerality on the palate adding complexity to the almost dry medium body. Mineral and fruit-balanced finish with well-balanced acidity cutting beautifully thru the touch of sweet fruit on the finish. Has a beautiful crisp minerality that persists on the finish after the fruit.
Black cherry, roast brisket, boysenberry, leather, black licorice, cracked pepper and wild blueberries with a juicy, slightly tannic palate. Finish is long with just enough acidity to refresh and keep you coming back for more. Juicy and well put together. Has the balance to age well and soften.
Perfumed boysenberry chutney and spiced toffee aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy poached apple and cedar accented finish with nice chewy tannins. A flavorful, well-balanced sipper or table wine.
Aromas of passionfruit, mango, and pound cake with a silky fruity medium body and a seamless apple and delicate spice finish. A delicious, elegantly balanced sipper, or pair with grilled seafood.
Bright aromas of exotic tropical fruits, banana yogurt, and marinated banana peppers with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy, melon, pepper and plantain finish. A really interesting expression of the grape. Pair with grilled crab and lobster or sip to your heart's content.
Bright aromas of raspberry pie and spicy dill pickled peppers with a tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and zesty fruit, chocolate and spice driven finish. A fun flavorful zin that is sure to please, a must-try sausage or pepperoni pizza wine.
Aromas of dried citrus and earth with a very crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, apple and orange finish. Great purity and vibrancy for sipping or all manner of cuisine.
Cassis, black raspberry, crushed plums, fresh eucalyptus, vanilla and brown spice lead to a palate with balanced acidity, integrated tannins and a medium-long finish.
Aromas of lemon buttercream, roasted coconut, singed herb, and spiced apple with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, tropical fruit medley finish. A lively, flavorful everyday chardonnay that gets it right. Pair with seafood, poultry and grilled veggies.
Aromas of apple, lemon curd, and pineapple with a tangy medium body and a round, juicy citrus and delicate spice finish. A very appetizing chardonnay that will be great with grilled fish dishes or coconut shrimp.
Golden color. Aromas of spicy pineapple cake and baked apple with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, citrus, mocha cream and nougat finish. A tasty well balanced sipper or table wine.
Deep garnet purple color. Bright berry tart, toffee, baking spice aromas and flavors with a fruity medium body and juicy apple pie, cedar and spiced nut finish. A nice fruity red that is sure to be a crowd pleaser.
Dark ruby color. Aromas of spiced cherries, craisins, and delicate herbed meat with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a chocolate and menthol-mint accented finish with chewy tannins. A nice sipper or pair with spicy lamb tagine.
Deep ruby color. Aromas of spicy cherries, leather and soil with a supple, dry medium-to-full body and a chewy tangy honeyed berry, nut and earth finish. A really nice take on the grape in a style of ripe Chianti Classico.
Ruby color. Aromas of roasted tomato, tart cherry, and ink with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tart green apple and pomegranate finish with chewy, dusty tannins. Pair with osso bucco.
Garnet. Aromas of waxy cherry and craisin with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy chocolate raspberry tart and pomegranate sorbet finish. A zesty, satisfying zin with excellent structure and balance. Pair with gourmet bacon meat loaf.
Interesting aromas of dried apple, toffee, craisins and beets with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and tangy, chocolate covered citrus, nut, and peppery spice driven finish with chewy tannins. Nice depth and complexity in a claret style; pair with spicy pork loins and pepper steak.
 Certified Organic-Fair Trade Certified 
 Certified Organic-Demeter Certified 
 Certified Organic 
Violet black color. Aromas of black pepper, mulberries, tar, and grilled tomato with a supple, dryish medium body and a savory grilled carrot and apple and earth accented finish with firm tannins. Pair with pepper steak or pot roasts.
Violet black color. Aromas of blackberry, orange, pepper and clay with a silky, dryish medium body and a tangy spiced cranberry, dried orange, carrot and earth accented finish. A very nice table wine.
Garnet color. Aromas of blueberry pie and creamy praline with a supple, fruity medium body and a racy, plum, cocoa, and spiced pear accented finish with fine, earthy tannins. A delicious, vibrantly flavorful red to sip or pair with spicy lamb.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of pencil shavings, vanilla bean, and chocolate covered berries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, nut and dusty tannin finish. A delicious petite sirah that is sure to please; pair with spicy Asian beef dishes.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of char-grilled green pepper, dried grapefruit, and kiwi with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and very smooth, pickled tomato and grassy earth accented finish. An interesting casting of the sauvignon grape, very tasty; pair with mushroom dishes.
Red cherry, blackberry, black pepper, leather, dark volcanic soil and a remarkably cherry red mid-palate, soft tannins and medium finish. Balanced and fruit forward on the back end, despite roasty complexity on the front. Excellent acid and balance, good potential to age. Really pretty red fruits on the top note with complexity on the nose and balance on the finish.
Reddish copper color. Aromas of baked fruits, nuts, herbs and faint dried meats with a silky fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a raisin, cocoa, and spice finish. A distinctive dessert wine that is the perfect foil for foie gras.
Ruby black. Aromas of roasted coffee bean, pepper, and craisin with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a savory salted tomato, nutshell, and earth finish. A nice earthy red for the table. Pair with mushroom risotto.
Pretty golden yellow color. Mild aromas of lemon scone and quince jam with a crisp, effervescent dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy honeyed Meyer lemon, lime, and kiwi driven finish. Great acidity, will be superb with spicy grilled seafood.
Bright golden yellow color. Ripe peach pastry and custard aromas with an effervescent fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and crisp, toasted citrus pastry and apple finish. A superbly appetizing sparkler.
Mild aromas of lemon cream, nut, and apple with a supple fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a passionfruit, pineapple, and earth accented finish. A delicious inviting riesling.
Pale golden color. Aromas of gooseberries, rubber leaf, and lemon custard tart with a tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a vibrant, mouthwatering passionfruit, kiwi and pepper spice finish. A sensational wine for the table.
Scarlet pink color. Aromas and flavors of crusty strawberry pie with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a juicy, lemon-lime sorbet accented finish. Very tasty with a great balance of fruitiness and acidity.
Dee garnet color. Aroma of currant, sautéed pepper, nougat and clay with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, watermelon, vanilla, and honey spiced nut accented finish. Tasty and sure to please. A great everyday sipper.
Ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of sweet pickled beets and carrots, chocolate raisins, and toffee with a supple, dryish medium body and a tart savory pomegranate, nut and borscht finish. An appetizing food wine; try with pheasant stew and elk.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of toasted almond nougat, baked peach and chalk with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty lime, melon and earthy mineral driven finish. Lovely balance and varietal purity.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas sweet dill pickles and boysenberry pie a la mode with a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium body and lively, spiced apple, craisin, cocoa and peppery spice notes on the finish. Bright acidity will make this a star at the table; try with salmon.
Ruby with a tawny cast. Aromas of honeyed berries and coconut flan with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a mouthwatering finish with notes of tomato, nuts and spice. A very hedonistic pinot noir for sipping or the table.
Deep golden amber color. Aromas of buttery nut brittle, herbs, dried citrus and peaches, and suede with a very silky, fruity sweet medium body and coconut cream, honey, ginger, marzipan, and Asian spice accented finish. A subtly complex and somewhat vermouth-like dessert wine that will be fun after dinner or in crafty cocktails.
Garnet violet color. Exotic aromas of grilled and marinated peppers, cedar, and craisins with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a chewy grilled wild berries, honey, and mineral driven finish. A vibrant table wine that will be great with lamb and boar.
Attractive aromas and flavors of lime custard, wintergreen, nut and spice with a light fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a tangy, mouthwatering finish. A delightfully fruity and flavorful Prosecco that is sure to please.
Pale golden straw color. Fruity aromas of honeyed peaches and golden apples with a crisp, effervescent fruity-sweet medium body and a long candied stone fruit, raisin, vanilla, and golden plum finish.
 Kosher
Violet garnet color. Rich aromas of pickled okra, chocolate graham crackers, and blackberry tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a savory herb cracker, spiced cranberry, shittake, and marinated root vegetable accented finish. A great choice for roasts or pheasant stew.
Deep garnet color. Rich enticing aromas of dried cherries, strawberries, and raspberries and cream with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, spicy citrus, carrot and praline accented finish. A delicious, spot-on California zin for everyday pleasure.
Pale silvery straw color. Vibrant aromas of grapefruit, passionfruit, and apple with silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a crisp, mouthwatering citrus, melon and mineral accented finish. A delicious and a artfully balanced sipper or table wine.
Aromas of chocolate nut fudge and raspberry tart a la mode with a soft, fruity medium body and a tangy pomegranate sorbet and citrus accented finish. A tasty crowd pleasing red that will be perfect for parties.
Aromas and flavors of almond brittle, dried apricot, and white blossoms with a fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a tart tropical citrus and mineral finish. A nicely poised with that will be great with seafood.
Deep gold color. Aromas of toasty peach custard pie and sweet pickled pepper with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full bodied and a tangy, praline, mango, papaya and kiwi tart finish. A tasty, mature sparker with nice tropical notes.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of waxy honeycomb and pomegranate gelato with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and nicely balanced orange spice cake, cedar, and earthy mineral accented finish with crisp, chewy tannins. A nice table wine.
Deep purple color. Green olive, honeycomb, and chocolate strawberry aromas and flavors with a silky dryish medium body and a well balanced vanilla and earth accented finish. A very Old World styled syrah for the table.
Dusty ruby color. Smoky, leafy aromas of grilled berries and tomatoes with a silky, dryish medium body and a tangy, seamless, tomato of the vine, mushroom, and forest floor finish. A nice, rustic, savory table wine.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas and flavors of vanilla nougat and frosted boysenberry pastry aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy blackberry, cedar, and dried leaf accented finish with fine chewy tannins. A nicely oaked, spot-on cabernet franc for the table.
Deep garnet color. Aromas and flavors of cassis sorbet, buttery praline and spice with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, apple skin, roasted nut, and slate nuanced finish. Great vibrancy and flavor.
Mild aromas of yellow plum, melon, and kiwi custard with a tangy, medium body and crisp, clementine and strawberry cream pie driven finish. A delicious riesling for all occasions.
Aromas and flavors of apple, pear, and banana with a crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy lemon curd and pineapple accented finish. Nice tropical fruit salad-like flavors. A real crowd pleaser.
Golden color. Rich aromas of dried apricot, honey, and raisin cake with a tangy, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a graceful apple pie and custard accented finish. A delicious dessert wine.
Violet color. Rich aromas of cassis tart, chocolate, honeycomb, and olive with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, berry, coffee cake and toffee finish. Nicely structured and balanced.
Ruby black color. Floral aromas of spicy plum pie, chocolate, and pomegranate with silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a vanilla, mineral and black raspberry tart finish with fine tannins. Flavorful and beautifully balanced for the table or sipping.
Aromas of raisins and plums, cocoa, and pepper bread with supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, spicy cassis, olive tapenade, dolmades, and mineral finish. A delicious and lively red that will be great with spicy meat dishes.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of fig bread, coconut cake, and citrus jam with a satiny smooth dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, kiwi and yellow apple finish with a touch of spice and minerals. Very mellow textured, wonderfully balanced and subtly flavorful.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Very pale and clear platinum straw. Floral apple, honey, and peach aromas with a crisp, off-dry light-to-medium body and a tangy, tingling, sweet lemon lime and green apple finish. A great zippy fruit white that will be great with spicy Thai food.
Pale golden straw color. Attractive aromas of peach-mango tart and nougat with a silky, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and guava, spiced apple, steely mineral finish. Great delicacy and style.
Deep garnet violet color. Attractive aromas of toffee and toasty berry pie with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, tangy, berry, pepper and citrus driven finish. A zesty and very flavorful red that will pair fantastically with Asian beef dishes.
Pure, vibrant French fruit custard tart aroma and flavor with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, tangy Meyer lemon, clementine and apple finish. A tasty oak accented, carefree sipper or pair with crab legs.
Aromas of blueberry gelato and cake with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a cedar, apple and slate accented finish. A very nice tasty syrah for everyday sipping.
Nice toasty brewers yeast scent, followed by ripe currants. Well balanced easy flavors follow ample fine tannins bode well for this wine. Monterey Jack Cheeseburger would work well with this red.
Very clean scents of black currants and plums. Pretty easy flavors with supple texture and rich tannins in fine balance. A fine sipper or steak wine.
Chocolate coffee bean and cherry, beef sukiyaki, marinated mushroom, and chestnut nougat aromas are very distinctive with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a clay, nutskin, and earth driven finish with powdery tannins. A remarkable food wine.
Berry, creme fraiche and honeyed granola with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a roasted carrot and beet and dried sour cherry accented finish with very fine tannins. An excellent table companion.
Deep garnet with a light violet rim - a pretty wine. Nice nose, very old world earthy/gravely notes lead. Crushed strawberries and red licorice follow. Good length and nicely balanced flavors follow. Very earthy fine tannins.
Dusty earthy scents first, later oak spice and cream de cassis come on. Supple blueberry and chocolate flavors along with chewy tannins. This wine opens nicely with air and picks up on a hint of anise. A real crowd pleaser.
Nice nose black berry cobbler scents are enticing, a bit of red licorice - all framed out with toasty oak. Rich entry, good length and ample fine tannins will allow this wine to improve with age. Later a fun mocha-coffee liqueur scent comes on.
Garnet color. Aromas of spiced berries, mocha, and vanilla custard with a tangy, medium body and a seamless cassis, apple, pepper spice and roasted pecan finish with fine, earthy tannins. A very nicely balanced table wine.
Garnet. Aromas of cream de cassis and vanilla yogurt. A bit of gravel and red fruits with a supple and balanced finish and layers of spicy oak. Nice structure and style.
Steely ruby color. Bold aromas of dried cherries and raspberries and buttercream with a soft, fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a buoyant finish with notes of sundried tomato, baking spices, and cocoa dusted nuts. A very attractive sipper that tastes a little like a lighter styled zin.
Lovely vanilla bean and cream de cassis notes dominate the nose. Easy flavors follow. Plush, supple texture and good gripping tannins
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Very aromatic, ripe black currants and a nice mocha powder. Rounded supple flavors with a gentle finish. A fine wine to savor.
Brambly, dried twigs and a light plum scent defines the bouquet. Rich entry with refreshing tangy acidity lifting the flavors. Nice lingering finish. The wine is at its peak drinkability now. Moo Shoo Pork is the match.
Garnet violet color. Inviting aromas of boysenberry jam, milk chocolate, cedar and maple smoked bacon with a tangy, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a crisp, sour cherry, green apple, and whole roasted nut finish. Flavorful and poised for sipping or the table.
Aromas of dried berries and tomatoes, honeycomb, cashew brittle, and buttercream with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, cranberry, cocoa, pickling spice, and dolmades accented finish with fine chewy, earthy tannins. A very nice structured Old World styled red that will be great at the table.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Brambly toasty fig cake and twig scents lead. Ripe black fruits, mainly plums with hint of raspberries and mint cream. Big flavors follow, richly textured with a juicy yet grippy finish.
Deep garnet color. Attractive aromas of chocolate coffee bean, caramel cake, and raspberry-cherry pie with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, sour cherry, honey, and peppery spice finish. A fruity, juicy crowd-pleasing malbec that delivers taste and value.
Garnet color. Bright, slightly smoky aromas of raspberry creme brulee and chocolate nuts with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a chewy, cedar, apple and mineral accented finish with firm, steak friendly tannins. A really nice table wine.
Fleshy fresh and dried cherry and sundried tomato aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a medley of black pepper, slate, nut apple and citrus on the lively, zesty finish. A sensational table wine that will be great with spicy duck dishes.
Golden silver color. Aromas of apple, pineapple, and honeycomb with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy Meyer lemon, spice, and toast accented finish. Very nicely balanced for sipping or the table.
Complex toasty oak notes lead with creamy black currants, incense, chocolate and eucalyptus aromas and flavors. Long olive and tea like finish.
Garnet. Aromas and flavors of peanut nougat, berry pie crust, and leather with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and spicy, well balanced finish with fine tannins. A great sipper or table wine.
Pale golden color. Aromas of vanilla custard, apple pie and delicate spice with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a creamy, pineapple, and praline driven finish. A delicious and balanced chardonnay for sipping or the table.
Deep garnet violet color. Ripe, perfumed aromas of raspberry-blackberry pie and pistachio gelato with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and raspberry-lavender lozenge and blood orange accented finish. A very jazzy red that will be great with spicy pork and Asian beef dishes.
Red brick brown color. Aromas of Playdoh, praline and dried berries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a crisp, tangy caramelized almonds, suede, vanilla cream, and craisin finish. An interesting and engaging Old-World red like that will play well with food, especially veal chops and lamb.
Bright notes of boysenberry compote, a touch of mocha, cream and minerality. Flavors are a tangy and chewy with firm tannins on the finish. Nice structure and fruit for the table. Pair with pork loins.
Pale golden color. Aromas of lemon cream and apple tart with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty lime custard and mineral accented finish. Very tasty and lively.
Deep straw color with an emerald copper cast. Fun nose: toasted coconuts, a bit of a buttery caramel note and grilled pineapple. Full-bodied and rich lively flavors follow with a nice oak spice finish.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Aromas of pineapple cake, caramelized nuts, spiced pear, and sour cream frosting with a soft, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy apple sauce, lemongrass tea, and kiwi-melon sherbet accented finish. A tasty and refreshing chardonnay that will cover a lot of bases.
Enticing, yet subtle nose of spiced apples, cardamon and nougat. Rich flavors follow seamlessly along with a lengthy balanced finish.
Floral nose of peach, lychee, and key lime custard. Easy rich flavors follow. Fun tangy finish and nicely integrated oak. Sure to please.
Golden silver color. Aromas of exotic tropical fruit smoothie and buttery praline with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and juicy melon sorbet, kiwi, lime curd and spiced apple finish. A nice zesty, chardonnay for sipping or Asian food.
Golden yellow color. Toasty aromas and flavors pineapple creme brulee, apple pie, and praline with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a well balanced oak spice, cedar, and mineral nuanced finish. Very classy and balanced.
Rich ruby color. Robust aromas mixed berry compote and French toast with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy mulberry, apple skin, toasty cedar, earth and stone accented finish. An exceptionally well poised and structured pinot noir for the table or sipping.
Deep purple. High toned nose, spiced black cherries and creme brulee. A bit of toasted cherry pastry and chestnuts frame out the wine nicely. Balanced lively flavors and smoky mineral notes follow with ample fine tannins. A wonderful grilled steak and lamb wine and a great deal.
Fun nose of cherry-raspberry compote and chocolate syrup framed out with toasty oak. Jazzy motif of lively acidity across the palate. Hints of cream, nuts and olive skin on the finish. A nice, layered sipper or pair with pasta.
Yellow straw color. Sweet peach jam, apple sauce, and creamed honey aromas with a crisp, fruity sweet medium body and nice touch of earth on the refreshing finish. A lovely well balanced moscato d'asti that is sure to please.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Nice nose of black fruits, cherries and warm wood accents. Rich flavors follow with ample tannins in support.
Big tears, straw robe with an emerald cast. Toasted brewers yeast notes lead with a delicate spiced ripe peach back note. Creamy toasty attack and tangy Meyer lemon and mineral flavors linger. Very classy.
Deep ruby color. Aromas of chocolate cake, vanilla custard, and cherry liqueur with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, nut, peppery spice accented finish with chewy oak tannins. Very stylish.
Chocolate smore, honeyed rye toast, and dark berry compote with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a strawberry with balsamic, roasted nut, plum, and peppery spice finish. A pleasant balance of fruit and wood.
Deep garnet black color. Rich aromas and flavors of spicy blueberry custard pie, toasted meringue, and buttery praline with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, baked citrus, cedar, and nut accented finish with gripping tannins. A rock solid shiraz that will be great with lamb.
Silvery straw color. Aromas of lemon sorbet, honeydew and nectarine with a tangy, fruity medium body and a Meyer lemon, lime, and kiwi driven finish with nice fruit tannins and minerality holding everything together.
Aromas of spiced cherries, chocolate halvah and vanilla bark with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a rich dried berry, honeycomb, and spiced nut finish. Very tasty and sure to please as a sipper or with lighter fare.
Pale straw color. Aromas of grapefruit custard, pickled green tomatoes, white chocolate and yellow pepper with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a very balanced citrus, melon, and nectarine skin accented finish. A rock solid NZ sauvignon blanc for all occasions.
Silvery straw green color. Classic varietal aromas and flavors of grapefruit, roasted pepper, and wild grass with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a very polished, quartz like mineral accent on the finish. Stylish and balanced for sipping or the table.
Pretty pale silvery fuchsia color. Aromas and flavors of fresh strawberries and cherries with a petillant, tangy medium body and a crisp blood orange and Meyer lemon accented finish. A fantastically refreshing aperitif or pair with salads and grilled tuna.
Deep violet black color. Aromas of beeswax, vanilla yogurt-coated raisins, cassis jam, sandalwood, and pickling spice with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, pomegranate and cedar finish with firm, powdery tannins. Give this a some time.
Deep purple color. Aromas of tobacco, dried fruits, cedar, and clay with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy sour cherry and craisin finish. A really tasty and fruity everyday sipper that will cover a lot of bases.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of creamy vanilla nougat, pineapple cake, lemongrass and Asian spices with a silky, dryish medium body and a delicately minty, caramel apple and cream finish. A fresh, lively chardonnay.
Deep reddish brown color. Aromas of toasted molasses and raisin rum cakes with a supple fruity sweet medium-to-full body a toasty, nutty almond praline and spice driven finish. A nice mature tasting ruby port. Impressive.
Steely fuchsia color. Ripe cherry and strawberry aromas with a fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a tangy, watermelon and clementine accented finish. Very tasty and nicely balanced fruit and acidity.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of buttery salty caramelized nuts, chocolate, tomato on the vine, and goji berries with supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a cranberry, cedar and earth accented finish. A very serious table wine. Pair with bison and elk steaks.
Pretty silvery topaz color. Aromas of berry preserve of croissant and citrus sorbet with a tangy, lightly effervescent fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, mouthwatering finish. A nice blanc de noir style equally good for sipping or food.
Steely pink color. Vibrant aromas and flavors of balsamic and honey drizzled strawberries and cherries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and citrus, melon, and creamy accented finish. A delicious and stylish rose for sipping and the table.
Aromas of lemon balm, peach and dusty apple with a round, fruity medium body and and a tangy clementine and earth finish. Nice complexity and off-dry style. Will be great for all occasions.
Floral lavender, lemon blossom and bloody orange aromas with a crisp, fruity, light body and a tangy yellow apple, peach skin and lychee finish. A really tasty carefree sipper that is sure to please.
Floral Japanese plum, lychee and peach custard pie aromas are very attractive with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, melon, starfruit and Meyer lemon driven finish. A lovely floral sipper or table wine with razor-like acidity. Pair with sautéed scallops.
 Salmon Safe Certified-Food Alliance Certified 
Creamy apple custard and peach tart aromas. Lively, almost spritzy entry, racy citrusy acidity with good length and an minerally lingering finish. Excellent vibrancy and table appeal for spicy Thai food.
Toasty lemon cream and coconut pie aromas with a hint of salt water taffy. Rounded attack, good length and balance. Supple baked apple finish with solid fruit and nicely framed out nutty oak. A very nice fumé style.
Pale silvery straw color. Appetizing aromas of peach yogurt, angel food cake, and grapefruit custard with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and melon, kiwi and wheat grass accented finish. A zingy, mouthwatering sauvignon blanc with very style and balance.
Garnet color. Rich aromas of craisins, praline, and peppery spice with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy cherry compote and toast accented finish. A very tasty and robust pinot that will excel as a sipper or with veal chops.
Aromas of chocolate mint, cherries, and cola with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and a wave of peach, eucalyptus mint, and minerals on the finish. Nicely layered and very tasty.
Aromas and flavors of frosted cherry strudel and delicate spice with a silky, fruity medium body and a juicy, spiced caramel apple, rhubarb and nut finish. A lovely, crowd-pleasing sipper with great purity of fruit and balanced oak.
Resonant aromas sour cherry, boysenberry, and green tobacco leaf with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy dried cherry and spice driven finish. A delicious and zesty pinot for all occasions, especially with food.
Dark ruby color. Aromas of chocolate covered berries, dates, grilled pepper, cedar, and a touch of peppered ham with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a cherry tart and dark roasted nut finish. Very tasty and well balanced.
Aromas of grilled peaches, gherkin, and smoked nuts with a fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a long, tangy, kiwi, lime and soursop accented finish. A very zesty and exotically tropical pinot gris that will be a fun sipper or pair with smoked shrimp.
Limpid ruby violet color. Bright grapy aromas with spiced cherry and watermelon accents. Silky textured with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and a blood orange, cinnamon and nectarine accented finish. If you like sangria you will love this interesting, super quaffable red.
Rich aromas of chocolate cherry fudge and raspberry jam scream zinfandel with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a zesty peppered strawberry and earth finish with chewy tannins. A textbook example of California zinfandel.
Dusty ruby color. Aromas of chocolate nut fudge, coffee bean, and creme brulee with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, dark berry and peppery spice accented finish. A remarkably balanced zin, especially at this alcohol level.
Garnet color. Aromas of chocolate, raspberry, and vanilla custard with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a nuanced herb and spiced cherry and apple accented finish. Very tasty, balanced and versatile.
Garnet color. Aromas of berry creme brulee, rhubarb preserves, and chocolate with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a cedar, herbal, and olive accented finish with chewy, powdery tannins. This is a very fine table wine at a great price.
Deep violet black color. Aromas of mocha, boysenberry jam, nuts, and brown spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, oak and earth finish with firm tannins. Give this some time or serve with a well-marbled steak.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Golden yellow color. Aromas of lemon curd, coconut, and toasty apple pie with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy nut brittle and spice accented finish. A rich, flavorful and zesty chardonnay.
Lovely floral aromas of tropical fruits with a crisp, dryish light-to-medium body and a racy, green apple and lime finish. Very refreshing.
Toasty key lime tart quince, and peach jam aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a well balanced melon, lemon gelato and apple accented finish. Very tasty and stylish in an Old World vein.
Deep amber color. Rich, spicy honey baked apple aromas and flavors with a satiny, fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy, citrus jelly and melon accented finish. Delicious.
Garnet color. Aromas of honeycomb, roasted nuts, dried berries, and spice with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a tangy blood orange marmalade, tomato and toffee nuanced finish with powdery tannins. A flavorful and nicely structured table wine.
Garnet color. Bright aromas of toffee, dill pepper, honey, berry compote with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-o-full body and an olive, apple butter, pepper, and earth accented finish with chewy tannins. Nice complexity and structure.
Floral plum, blackberry jam, nut and clay aromas and flavors with a satiny dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crunchy, vibrant cherry, balsamic, and green apple finish. A vibrant and flavorful table wine.
 Certified Organic 
Aromas of sweet chocolate nuts, berry pie, and delicate spices with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy plum, cherry, vanilla and earth accented finish. Excellent flavor and structure.
Ruby color with a brick rim. Aromas of cranberry pie, menthol-mint, cocoa, and vanilla yogurt nuts with a soft, dryish medium body and a spice, cedar, and pickled beet accented finish. A nice savory merlot that will go great with steaks.
Garnet color. Toasted nuts, mocha, caramel, and pie crust aromas with a silky, juicy medium-to-full body and berry jam and raisin notes on the lively finish. Spot on malbec with a nice oak accent.
Golden yellow color. Bright aroma of white grapefruit, honey, cream with a dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp wheat grass, herb, and chalk accented finish. A very nice table wine; pair with mussels.
 Certified Organic 
Dark garnet black color. Aromas of berries and delicate pickling spices with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, craisin and nut brittle finish with firm tannins. Give this some time.
Ruby black color. Bright jammy aromas honeyed dried berries, chocolate, and spice with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, craisin and nut toast accented finish. A rich zinfandel claret like wine.
Deep ruby color. Aromas of cherry, chocolate, and buttery nut brittle with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium body and mouthwatering peach marmalade on toast accented finish. Very tasty and well made.
Pale golden silver color. Aromas of dried rose, peach and apple core with a silky fruity medium body and a graceful, citrus and mineral accented finish.
Dark garnet color. Aromas of chocolate cherry, honeycomb, and a mint syrup with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, eucalyptus and cassis finish with supple oak tannins. Stylish.
Golden silver color. Bright floral aromas of dried apricot, honeysuckle, and suede with a crisp, fruity sweet medium body and a long, zesty sweet orange, apple and lemon sorbet finish. A delicious fruity sweet sparkler.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Nicely meshed aromas and flavors of cassis, peppercorn, clay and creamy vanilla with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy craisin, apple, nut, and earth accented finish with chewy tannins. Nicely balanced in a dry Old World style. A great choice for empanadas.
Aromas of cinnamon bark, white chocolate nuts, and boysenberry jam with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, cassis, elderberry, tangerine, spice and cedar finish. A rich, mouthwatering red that will shine with steaks.
Deep purple color. Aromas of cherry pastry, chocolate blueberries, pencil shavings and delicate spice with a fruity medium body and a chewy, nut and sweet spice accented finish. Deliciously fruity and balanced; sure to be a hit at parties.
Purple color. Attractive aromas of black raspberry and cherry pies a la mode with supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, toasty nut brittle, grassy earth and spice finish. A great sipper or table wine.
Salmon silver color. Aromas and flavors of strawberries cream pie, graham crackers, and watermelon with a soft, fruity medium body and a tangy refreshing finish. An appetizing, flavorful rosé.
Inviting aromas of milk chocolate, coffee, pickling spices, sandalwood, and dried berries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy pomegranate, cedar, and nut finish with chewy tannins. A fine table wine.
Ruby black color. Rich dried berry, cocoa, tomato jelly, and peppery spice aromas with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a tangy sour cherry, blood orange, olive and earth nuanced finish. A big, flavorful red that commands attention.
Opaque garnet black color. Complex aromas of sundried tomato, olive, Italian spices, and leather with supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a chewy nut, herb and mineral accented finish with coating tannins. A nicely savory table wine, pair with lasagna.
Slight hazy ruby color. Aromas of cherries, tomato, clay, and corsage with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy white strawberry, mineral and baking spice nuanced finish. A charming, delicate pinot.
Opaque amethyst color. Aromas of dark blueberry pie, cracked pepper and vanilla bean frosting with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and tangy, well balanced finish with notes of cedar and nuts.
Dusty ruby color. Aromas of dried raspberries and cherries, leather, and clay with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, citrus marmalade, peppery spice, and tomato accented finish. A velvet brick of a zinfandel in a serious, dry claret style.
Creamy meringue, coconut and nougat aromas and flavors with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a roasted apple, lemon gelato, melon, and delicate baking spices finish. A very nice oak aged pinot grigio that lets the fruit shine through.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Aromas of cocoa, currant, spice, olive and clay with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy dried berry, kiwi, and vanilla cream accented finish. A nicely restrained Napa cab that will be very versatile at the table.
Aromas of berry pie a la mode and delicate eucalyptus with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, spicy, poached apple and toasty praline accented finish. Very tasty and nicely balanced for sipping or the table.
Aromas of spicy apple pie with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy citrus custard and nut brittle accented finish. Very zesty and richly flavorful. Pair with grilled and roasted chicken.
Pale golden color. Bright aromas of spicy apple sauce and banana bread with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, pear and spiced nut accented finish. A nicely balanced, flavorful chardonnay for sipping or the table.
Bright grapefruit, sweet pepper, green tomato, and passionfruit aromas with a sleek, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, melon, lime, and mineral accented finish.
Ruby color. Attractive aromas of chocolate mint, caramel apple, and spicy berry pie with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a savory herb, dried meat, barley, and peppered nut accented finish. Very tasty.
Purple black color. Aromas of chocolate nougat bar, waxy honeycomb, and berry pie crust with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy cassis jam, cedar, and nut finish with chewy tannins. A very nice sipper or table wine; pair with flank steaks.
Ruby color. Aromas of roasted tomatoes, cherry, and waxy honeycomb with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy dried sour cherry, pepper, and salty spiced nut accented finish. Lovely flavor and bright acidity that will work brilliantly at the table.
Deep garnet color. Delicate aromas of chocolate berries, peppercorn, mint, and faint dried meat with a soft, dryish medium body and a tangy craisin and spice finish. A mellow sipper.
Deep garnet violet color. Aromas of cassis pie, cedar, praline gelato have a hint of dried meat with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and tangy, vanilla buttercream, cherry and spice accented finish. A very pleasant, well balanced cabernet.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of blackberry compote, toffee, mocha, and brown spices with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a spiced apple and chewy tannin finish. A nicely structured cabernet for the table.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of pickling spices, dark roasted nuts, chocolate, and berry soufflé with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a eucalyptus, cigar ash, and smoked peppercorn accented finish with powdery tannins.
Ruby black color. Aromas of mixed peppercorns, pomegranate chutney, pickled okra, and clay with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a graceful, sour cherry, nut, grape leaf, herb and spice accented finish. A rustic red that will be great at the table.
Dark garnet violet color. Aromas of mocha, roasted nuts, bark, and toasty berry pie crust with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a spicy, sandalwood and chocolate pomegranate seed finish. A plush, vital Napa cabernet for sipping or the table.
Ruby black color. Dense aromas of chocolate nut fudge, sour cherry compote, and mint jelly with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, creme brulee, cassis, nut, and mineral finish. Very feminine.
Deep violet color. Aromas of menthol tobacco, incense, cocoa, poached pear, and cranberry jam with a silky, fruity medium body and a creamy nougat, herb, and pink peppercorn accented finish. Interesting mix of herbal and fruit forward characters. Serve with spicy Greek lamb and beef dishes.
Deep ruby color. Aromas of vanilla nut fudge and spicy, crusty apple-berry pie with a silky, fruity medium body and a tangy, cherry chutney, grilled apple, and cedar accented finish and chewy tannins. Great vibrancy purity of fruit.
Ruby black color. Aromas of sandalwood, peppercorn, creme brulee, and chocolate cranberry with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, black raspberry and heirloom tomato driven finish. A deliciously poised table wine.
Deep garnet color. Vibrant strawberry-rhubarb coulis and custard aromas and flavors with a silky, fruity medium body and an apple, golden raisin, and smoky mineral accented finish. A delicious strawberry-like indulgence.
Deep garnet color. Aromas of chocolate, mint, herbs, roasted nuts, and cranberries with a tangy medium body and a chewy, cedar and coffee bean accented finish with fine powdery tannins.
Deep garnet color. Bold aromas of coffee candy, chocolate cherry pie, and peppercorn with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy craisin and spice finish. A really tasty everyday wine that will work with pretty much anything.
Ruby color. Aromas of eucalyptus, mulberries, and cranberry sauce with a silky, dryish medium body and a tangy, herb, spice, sandalwood incense, and mineral accented finish. Very nice complexity and restraint.
Deep garnet purple color. Aromas and flavors of mocha, praline, sour cherries and delicate spice with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a latte and mineral accented finish. Very stylish and versatile.
Dark garnet violet color. Rich aromas of dark berries, cedar, dried blossoms, and spice with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, mineral kissed finish with chewy tannins.
Straw yellow color. Aromas of peaches and lemon curd with a supple, fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy orange and honeyed apple finish. Well balanced and very tasty; will be great with spicy Latin dishes.
Luminous golden yellow color. Complex aromas of honeycomb, herb patch, mossy clay, and toasted almond with a soft, off-dry medium body and a vanilla milk and spicy dried pear accented finish. A pleasantly drinkable and nicely nuanced mead.
Deep, rich crimson red with bright cherry rim. Nose of Chewy blackberry, brambly crushed black cherries, fresh turned garden soil and toasty vanilla. Broad and rich on the pallet with the fruit consistent with nose. Wine is fat and round with just enough chewy tannins to balance it out. Lively red fruit on the finish.
Pale straw with emerald notes. Aromas of pineapple, yellow apple, sweet vanilla and a faint clove spice from a generous dose of new French Oak. Flavors of apples, pear, yellow plums and lemon integrate beautifully with vanilla kissed oak. Subtle acidity, but well balanced and elegant. New world freshness with old world finesse.
Pale straw with glints of platinum. Aromas of Golden pineapple, ginger, papaya and candied red grapefruit. Dry, but with rich fruit flavors of ripe pear, exotic melons and papaya. Crisp and balanced finish with a touch of minerality.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Pale straw color. Aromas of honeydew melon, lemon, white peaches, white grapefruit. Fruit forward flavors of nectarines and sweet lemon, a soft tartness and a finish of lemon squeezed on peaches. Very pleasant and vibrant.
Pale garnet red to a light, brick rim. Morello cherries, lush strawberries, red plum, portobello mushrooms, vanilla, brown baking spice and freshly raked oak leaves. Bright and lively with a cherry core and medium-light body. Secondary complexity coming from flavors of wild mushroom, clove, leather and pepper. Silky and well-balanced with bright acidity, lush tannins and a long finish.
Opaque to deep red rim. Rich Aromas of black cherry, black plums, coffee and toffee. Soft and round with well-integrated tannins. Well balanced with tasty cherry-berry notes and a polished finish. A very versatile wine.
Light gold. Aromas of yellow watermelon, pineapple, ginger, creek stone, honeycomb and petrol. Off dry with flavors of luscious peaches, mango, sweet lemon, honeycrisp apples and quince. Minerally from aroma to flavor to finish adds complexity and exceptional balance to the long finish. Complex and delicious.
Medium garnet color. Aromas of black cherries, chocolate, mint and wild raspberries with flavors of crushed currants, mocha, roasted nuts and strawberry compote. Hints of wild herbs and chocolate balance with perfectly ripe fruit on the long finish.
Deep ruby red with a light brick red rim. Aromas of red cherries, wild strawberries, raspberries, crimini mushrooms, vanilla, brown spice and Autumn leaves. Silky, but toothsome tannins with cherry-berry flavors framed with earthy mushrooms, sweet vanilla, baking spice and refreshing acidity. Beautifully balanced with a long finish.
Completely opaque to a deep garnet rim. Black currant, roast cherry skin, mint, mocha, animal, bramble and vanilla on the nose lead to flavors of black currant, mocha, wet black soil and roasted tomato. Rich complex flavors marry with integrated tannins and balanced, well-integrated acidity. A big boy.
Apples, pears and quince on the nose lead to the lively lightly yeasty palate of a bottle conditioned Belgian Ale. Ripe pear and apple tart crust on the finish with a hint of brioche and freshly bake popover. Sophisticated enough to serve alongside an extra dry Champagne.
Candied apples, pear tart, peach cobbler, ripe melon and mango lead the fruit forward nose that hints at stoney minerality. Crisp and dry palate with stoney minerality, citrus, fruit skin and unsweetened apple pie filling. Refreshing acidity and minerality yearns for food from fish to salads, seafood and aged goat cheese. Remarkable balance of opulent fruit and palate weight with freshness and acidity. Long, bright, satisfying finish.
Rich golden with exotic aromas of incense, honeycomb, iris, orange blossom, white roses, baked quince, yellow plum and patchouli. Complex flavors reflect the nose. Excellent sweet-acid balance. Long, exotic finish with layer upon layer of aroma and flavor unfolding. Fascinating. Keeps going and going.
Platinum yellow. Aromas of white grapefruit, jalapeño, lemon, green papaya and lime zest. Zesty flavors of lime, papaya, touch of jalapeño and citrus salad. Finishes with consistent fruit flavors and citrus. Nice depth and refinement.
Pretty silvery pink color. Light floral aromas and flavors of strawberry and orange sorbets and pressed flowers with a zesty, effervescent fruity sweet medium body and a mouthwatering peach soda like finish. Very lively and tasty with a refreshing off-dry character; try with spicy Asian cuisine.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Pale pink topaz orange color. Sweet aromas of strawberries, whipped cream, and pound cake with a slightly spritzy, fruity medium body and a long, tangy sweet citrus, melon, and chalk accented finish. Very fun and flavorful; a great choice for spicy bbq.
Pretty pale garnet nickel color. Inviting aromas and flavors of raspberry cream pie and cherry gelato with an off-dry medium body and a pure, sweet fruit and meringue finish. A little simple and sweet, but very pure and delicious.
Pale pink silver color with a faint copper cast. Toasty strawberry pie and praline aroma with a soft, dryish light-to-medium body and a tangy dried sour apple and apple accented finish. A nicely restrained and reserved Old World styled rosé that will be nice at the table.
Opaque red with purple rim. Aromas of cola, black currant, raisins, vanilla and blackberries. Toothsome, with soft tannins and generous fruit. Subtle oak and good balance with the fruit pushed to the edge of ripeness. Very nice.
Opaque with a cherry red rim. Aromas of black currant, black plum, vanilla, allspice and dark earth. Chewy tannins with black cherry, plum and black currant flavors, vanilla and spice. Full, fruity, and balanced with a dry, satisfying finish.
Deep garnet color. Pure cassis, toffee, and peppery spice aromas with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a lively sour cherry, craisin, apple sauce, and nut finish. Excellent purity, balance and restraint.
Rich violet color. Dense aromas of vanilla, chocolate, floral talc, and lingonberry tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy craisin, pomegranate, pencil shaving, and flower patch accented finish with fine tannins. A nicely balanced and pleasantly earthy sipper or table wine.
Deep garnet black color. Aromas of dried berries, clay, and chocolate yogurt with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nice balanced cedar and nut accented finish. A very nice table wine that is a dead ringer for a fine Bordeaux red.
Deep ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of cherry preserves, plum and roasted nuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a nice, chewy nougat, grilled apple and earthy beet accented finish. Nice range of fruity and savory favors for sipping or the table.
Pale ruby with a brick red rim. Aromas of red cherry, blackberry, boysenberry, freshly tilled soil and a light vanilla note. Bright cherry flavors are elegantly balanced with soft tannins and a touch of vanilla. Not over the top anywhere, but seamless from aroma, to flavor, to soft finish.
Rich and attractive aromas and flavors of huckleberry pie a la mode and chocolate toffee with a silky, fruity medium body and a tangy, sour cherry jam, cedar, and spiced apple accented finish. A delicious, almost-off-dry red that is certainly a crowd pleaser and has some nice structure to boot.
Garnet color. Attractive aromas of toasty, spicy boysenberry pie a la mode with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, creamy vanilla and toffee accented finish. A nice, fruit-driven red that is sure to please.
 Certified Organic 
Aromas of baked cherries and chocolate mint with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a creamy berry-vanilla custard and delicate spice accented finish. Delicious and delightfully balanced.
Deep garnet violet color. Dense aromas of chocolate cherries and honeyed cranberry bread toast with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a creamy vanilla and spiced apple accented finish. Really tasty and smooth with solid fruit.
Deep ruby black color. Aromas of mocha candy, toasty spiced nuts, and baked berries with a supple, dryish medium body and a savory, salted roasted beet, dried meat, cedar, and earth accented finish. A nice dry, savory table wine that will be great with bison and pot roasts.
Ruby color. Aromas of spicy berry compote and roasted spiced nuts with a supple, dryish medium body and a sour cherry, beet, and honey accented finish. Very tasty, expressive, and balanced for sipping or the table.
Ruby black color. Aromas of baked cherries, pickled beets and roasted nuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a vanilla, praline, and roasted tomato accented finish. A great combination of fruity and savory notes will make this a pleasure at the table or on its own.
Ruby color. Aromas and flavors of honeyed dried cherry, plum tart, and pickle-beet relish with a fruity medium body and a juicy, citrus marmalade accented finish. Very tasty and fruit driven. A great sipper.
Ruby color. Aromas of roasted pecan, dark chocolate, and baked berries with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, sour cherry, pencil shavings, and spice accented finish. A flavorful and balanced pinot for all applications.
Deep ruby red. Aromas of blackberry, boysenberry, vanilla and lingonberry. Soft, but toothsome tannins with flavors of pomegranate, plums and lingonberry. Pure and direct sangiovese flavors that are very appealing and versatile.
Dark garnet violet color. Aromas of spicy raspberry compote, chocolate, and sandalwood with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a round, juicy cherry, cedar and spice finish. Very nice, versatile and sure to please.
Deep ruby color. Aromas of dried cherries, suede, and chocolate yogurt with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, berry compote, cocoa, and peppery spice finish. A nice hearty, savory zin that will be great with roasts and gourmet burgers.
Dark ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of baked cherries, toffee, peppercorn, and honeycomb with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, nut and roasted apple and citrus accented finish. A nice dry, claret style zin that shine at the table.
Pale golden color. Attractive aromas and flavors of apple, peach and banana cream pies with a effervescent, tangy medium body and a crisp, lime curd accented and nut cookie finish. A fresh, flavorful, and appetizing sparkler with a great blanc de blanc like character.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Light Platinum. Aromas of apples, pears, white melon and lemon meringue pie. Off dry and bright with yellow apples, crisp Asian Pea, sweet lemon and sun kissed melon. Fun and easy to enjoy with just enough sweetness to accentuate the fruit without being too much. Bright, refreshing finish. Perfect foil for spicy food.
Pale golden yellow color. Pleasant tropical fruit salad and peony aromas and flavors with a frothy fruity sweet medium body and a tangy, mouthwatering honeyed peach and tangerine finish. A deliciously fruity and balanced sparkling dessert wine.
Golden yellow color. Bold aromas of roasted apple and pineapple with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, lime-vanilla cookie and toasty praline finish. Nice use of oak makes this an easy sipper.
Pale straw green color. Interesting aromas of pickled melon and cucumber and spiced apple with a silky, fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy pineapple and quince finish. Very tidy, tasty, and distinctive.
Golden silver color. Aromas and flavors of grapefruit marmalade and toasty lemon meringue with a silky, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a refreshing, tangy apple, melon, and earth accented finish. Great balance and style for effortless drinking.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Pale golden yellow color. Aromas of powdered lemon and lime with a crisp dryish light-to-medium body and peach and green apple skins on the chalky finish. Very citrusy, mineral driven and Old World in style. Will excel with oysters.
Pale platinum straw color. Floral aromas of honeysuckle and apricot custard tart are attractive with soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a crunchy apple, lime and mandarin orange accented finish. Beautiful fruit and structure.
Pale golden silver color. Aromas of nectarine, melon, nougat and white strawberry with slightly spritzy, fruity light body and a crisp, apple sauce and lemon accented finish. A lively fruity pinot grigio with a unique texture that will be a great match for spicy bbq.
Pale golden silver color. Aromas of honeyed peaches, lychee, and lilac with a silky, very fruity medium body and a balanced ripe melon, clementine, and pear accented finish. A delicious off-dry sipper or dessert wine.
Pale golden silver color. Aromas and flavors of poached pear, praline, and earth with a very fruity medium body and a pleasant, off-dry honeyed apple finish. A delightful sipper.
Silvery straw color. Aromas of apricot, lemon, nut and a touch of apple with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium body and a zesty peaches and cream and pineapple accented finish with a touch of warmth. A very nice sipper or serve with a fatty fish.
A ruby garnet color. Aromas of cherry custard, chocolate and delicate spice with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a roasted beet, vanilla cream, and dark berry finish. Nice purity of fruit and balanced oak.
Garnet color. Aromas and flavors of dried cherries, honeycomb and raspberries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy mocha cream, roasted nut, and peppery spice accented finish. Solid.
Pale golden straw color. Aromas of praline, toasted pineapple danish, and a hint of molasses with a silky,dry-yet-fruity medium body and a creamy, poached peach and spiced nut accented finish. Very nicely balanced and elegant.
Pale golden color. Attractive aromas of mango gelato and pineapple cake with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a lively, dried apricot, pear cider, and salty nut finish. A fun, flavorful sipper or table wine.
Golden yellow color. Vibrant aromas of pineapple and coconut cream with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy, apple, spiced nut, kiwi, and earth accented finish. Nicely styled New World meets Burgundy character.
Ruby color. Aromas of dried blueberries, raspberries and cherries and candle wax with a supple, fruity medium-full body and a zesty candied lime, raisin, pepper, and blood orange sorbet finish. A big, racy zin that is sure to please zinheads.
Pale golden yellow color Mild aromas of apple and sweet creamy meringue are enticing with a crisp fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, long pineapple, herb, and mineral accented finish. Delicious and refreshing.
Deep garnet violet color. Bright aromas and flavors of raspberry, lime, and blueberry gelatos and coconut cream with a silky, fruity, medium-to-full body and a long, juicy dried cherry and sweet spice accented finish with fine tannins. A decadently delicious red.
Aromas and flavors of floral honey, blueberry gelato, and yams, exotic peppercorns, and sour cherries have an añejo tequila like quality with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body a craisin, cocoa, and toasty cedar nuanced finish. Very tasty. Try with rabbit and pasta.
Golden silver color. Mild aromas of baked apples, gherkin, and roasted nuts with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, kiwi, grilled clementine, pineapple and earth accented finish. A rock solid table wine.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of spicy poached apples and chestnuts with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, sweet citrus, vanilla, pineapple and melon accented finish. A nice flavorful chardonnay with very good purity and balance for sipping or the table.
Aromas of buttery roasted nuts, honeycomb, and spicy apple tart with a fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy pineapple and cream accented finish. Very tasty and mouthwatering.
Interesting aromas of tropical fruit salad, whole nuts, and apple butter with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a melon and tart green apple finish. A nicely balanced chardonnay.
Old gold color. Oak forward aromas of polished wood, honey roasted nuts, creme brulee and pineapple cake with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a melon, kiwi, spiced apple and praline accented finish. Robust oak and tangy fruit driven chardonnay.
Golden color. Aromas and flavors of toasted nuts and apple tart with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy pineapple, cream, and delicate mineral accented finish. Very nice purity of fruit and balanced oak to support.
 Organically Grown Grapes-Sustainable Agriculture 
 Organically Grown Grapes-Certified Organic 
 Certified Sustainable 
Opaque ruby black color. Attractive aromas of gherkins, cassis pie, and mocha cream with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a juicy dark cherry, currant, vanilla and delicate baking spice finish with tangy acidity and fine tannins. Very tasty, appetizing, and sure to please in a variety of settings.
Dusty ruby color. Aromas and flavors of spiced cherries, menthol tobacco, and eucalyptus with a juicy, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a nice blanket of chocolate from the judicious oak. Very tasty and balanced for all applications.
ruby color. Aromas of spicy dill pickle, baked cherries, licorice, and wet clay with a dry medium body and a dried flower, blood orange, and earth accented finish. A rock solid pinot for the table, especially duck.
Golden yellow color. Aromas and flavors of spicy apple pie, jackfruit, and pineapple yogurt with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy kiwi, nougat, bubblegum, and mineral accented finish. An interesting array of flavors for sipping.
Light golden color. Aromas and flavors of toasty peach pie, honey yogurt, and golden raisins with a silky, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a long, tangy, ripe apple and orange finish. A tasty off-dry patio wine.
Aromas and flavors of whipped cream, white chocolate, and melon with a soft, dryish light body and a toasted nut, water chestnut, balsa, and delicate sweet spice finish. Very elegant and balanced.
Clear. Aromas of vanilla nut brittle, coconut water, and papaya custard with a silky, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a pineapple sorbet, meringue, and salted radish accented finish. A soft, alluring sake with a nice balance of fruit.
Pearl white color with a steely cast. Aromas of cream soda, coconut flan, anise, and melon rind with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a cream, lightly minty and spicy finish. An elegant and flavorful nigori.
Clear. Aromas and flavors of vanilla yogurt, sweet potato, spiced nuts, and cooked rice with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and an elegant, cream, jicama, radish and grassy earth nuanced finish. Subtly flavorful and very elegantly styled; will be a great compliment to sushi.
Fresh warm rice pudding, creamy cashew nougat, and coconut-raisin cake aromas with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a vanilla taffy, spiced pear,and melon accented finish. Delicious and crowd pleasing.
Clear with a faint straw cast. Aromas of overripe pear, cream cheese, floral bee pollen, and white nuts with a soft, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy, citrus, melon rind, chalk and peppery radish accented finish. Nice vibrancy and nuance of flavor.
Clear with a faint platinum straw cast. Aromas of apple cobbler, daikon, and rice candy wrapper with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a crisp, green apple, dried honey,and dusty parsnip accented finish. Nice complexity and style.
Pale yellow straw color. Lively aromas of nutmeg, cola, cinnamon, potpourri,and carrot cake with a lively sweet medium body and zesty ginger, lime sorbet, and herbal honey finish. A delicious dessert in a glass that is sure to please.
Clear with a very faint straw cast. Pleasant aromas of honeyed pear and plum, white grape sorbet, and grilled peach with a crisp, petillant fruity, light body and a tangy grapey finish. A fun off-dry sparkling mead.
Pale ruby amber color. Bright fresh strawberry custard tart and honey cake aromas and flavors with a lively fruity sweet medium-to-full body and a tangy citrus and spice accented finish. Delicious, pure, and mouthwatering. A great summer sipper.
Pale garnet color. Bright cherry jam and almond danish aromas with a supple, fruity medium body and a pure honeyed cherry, delicate spice, apple cider and tangerine accented finish. Delicious, balanced and appetizing.
Golden color. Aromas of raw honey, sour cream frosting, soy sauce, white balsamic, and delicate grassy herbs with a sweet medium body and a clover honey, apple and pear sauce and cider finish. A lively desert style mead with good intensity, acidity, depth and length.
Deep garnet purple color. Aromas of spiced plums, dried violets and lavender, and berry gelato with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a banana custard, pomegranate ice, charred nut and firm, dusty tannin finish.
Deep violet black color. Aromas and flavors of vanilla toffee, beet, and lingonberry compote with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, earthy, oaky, chewy tannin finish. Great purity and intensity, but give this a bit of time to bloom.
Aromas of cherry, green olive, beeswax, and sweet grass with a supple, dryish medium-to-full body and a tangy green apple, wintergreen, pomegranate molasses and marinated baby carrot and beet accented finish with big chewy tannins. A varietally explosive and savory petit verdot for the table.
Deep ruby black color. Aromas and flavors of cherry-berry pie and praline with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and an effortless, tangy, cedar, vanilla, and nutskin accented finish. A really smooth sipper that is drinking well now, or pair with tapas and pasta.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Garnet color. Aromas of cherry, pencil lead, vanilla and tomato on the vine with a dryish medium body and a tangy cocoa, cranberry, and leafy earth finish with fine tannins. A well balanced, Old World wine (very cru Beaujolais-like) that is a great choice for the table.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Medium ruby red with a brickish rim. Pretty red cherry and raspberry aromas are followed by shiitake mushrooms, Autumn leaves, boysenberry, milk chocolate, vanilla and apple pie spice. Pure cherry and strawberry core is framed with vanilla bean, lingonberry, vanilla bean, nutmeg and a touch of leather, allspice and black earth. Finish is long and complex with just enough toothsome tannin to yearn from roast bird, grilled vegetables and tuna steak on the grill.
Deep ruby red with a velvet rim. Aromas of black raspberry, crushed cherry, eucalyptus, coffee, black licorice and vanilla. Ripe cherry and raspberry flavors with vanilla, licorice, root beer and nutmeg. Long and silky finish is complex and highly intriguing.
Ruby red with a brick rim. Aromas of red cherries, black plum, vanilla, allspice, nutmeg, black licorice, forest floor and beets. Full bodied and richly textured with cherry, wild strawberry and crushed plums. Generous fruit is silky and spiced with allspice, clove, cinnamon and vanilla bean. Well balanced finish.
Cherry red with a pale red rim. Aromas of cherries, plums, raspberries, portobello mushrooms, baking spice, forest floor and pomegranate. Silky and voluptuous raspberry-cherry flavors are framed with a touch of spice and white mushrooms. A clean style with just enough earth to add complexity without taking away from a silky fruit-driven wine. Could be mistaken as Cru level red Burgundy from a sunny vintage.
Translucent cherry red to a brick red rim. Aromas of wild raspberries, boysenberry, Rainier cherry, wild mushroom, cloves, allspice, vanilla and lingonberry. Silky and lush with voluptuous cherry and raspberry flavors framed with forest mushrooms, baking spice and a touch of vanilla. Long, seductive finish.
Ruby red with a brickish rim. Aromas of raspberry, wild strawberries, red cherry, cedar, baking spice, black soil and wild mushrooms. Rich flavors of red cherries, fraises du bois, exotic mushrooms, baking spice and a freshly tilled garden. Long and complex finish with fine tannins and thirst quenching acidity making me want to drink this with roast duck or aged cheese.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Dusty ruby color with a fading brick rim. Attractive aromas and flavors of cherry cream pie and pistachio and mango gelatos with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy tomato, beet, vanilla, and earth accented finish. A lovely combination of fruit, earth, and oak that will work great at the table.
Deep ruby red with a hint of spritz on the edge. Aromas of black raspberry, crushed boysenberry, vanilla, smoked nuts and allspice. Black cherry and wild strawberry flavors with vanilla, baking spice, beets, and toothsome tannins. Black licorice and exotic berries from start to finish. Rustic and intriguing.
Straw with gold highlights. Aromas of Anjou pears, honeycrisp apples, fresh hay and white peach. Round and lush with pear, peach and apple flavors coupled with pomelo grapefruit and stoney minerality. Lively and balanced finish.
Bright scarlet color. Aromas and flavors of strawberry custard pie and meringue with a silky, fruity sweet medium body and a nicely balanced watermelon, cherry, and delicate spice finish. Delicious.
Bright gold with reflections of polished brass. Aromas of lychee, honeycomb, mango, golden pineapple, white roses and jasmine. Floral and spicy flavors of tropical fruits, ginger and acacia. Hedonistic while remaining balanced from Meyer lemon and golden delicious apples. Finish is long and complex maintaining all the flavors and aromas to the end. Could be compared to a Grand Cru Vendage Tardive from Alsace.
Pale straw. Aromas of honeysuckle, white lilies, acacia, river stones, Meyer lemon, jasmine, peach skin and white raspberry. Off dry with peach, ripe pear and golden pineapple flavors accentuated with white flowers. Opulent fruit on the long, balanced finish. A very pretty style with lots of finesse.
Straw yellow with platinum notes. Aromas of apples, pear, lemon, white peach and cantaloupe. Touch of fresh thyme on the nose and palate leads to crisp apple-pear flavors. Round, dry and satisfying. Ends crisply on a mineral note and yearning for food.
Light gold and star bright. Aromas of lemongrass, fresh hay, Italian parsley, apple skin, wet stones and white grapefruit. Dry and crisp flavors of lemon, lime, grapefruit, Asian pear, honeydew and yellow bell pepper. Fruit driven with just enough herbal character to give added complexity to the fruit.
Bright yellow with notes of polished brass. Aromas of yellow bell pepper, passion fruit, freshly cut herbs, orange zest and cantaloupe. Crisp flavors of lemon, lime and red grapefruit with a balance of tropical fruit and savory herbs. Long and complex finish with textbook varietal typicity.
Dark garnet violet color. Mellow aromas suggest dried berries, toasty meringue and chocolate nuts with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a delicate marinated carrot, beet, and herb accented finish with chewy tannins. A refined savory wine for the table and braised meats.
Pale silver pink color. Aromas and flavors of sour cherry custard and wild strawberries with a effervescent fruity-yet-dry medium body and a delicate exotic citrus, apple skin, and herb accented finish. Great vibrancy and balance.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of peaches, lemon, and nut brittle with a crisp, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tart kiwi, lime, apple, and dusty mineral accented finish. Excellent structure and table appeal.
Pale golden color. Aromas of honeyed baked apples and peach cobbler with a silky, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy lemon curd, kiwi pasty, grass, and smoky mineral accented finish. A mellow, elegantly styled sauvignon blanc that will be ideal for sipping.
Opaque garnet black color. Aromas of craisins, prunes, nut brittle, and chocolate with a supple, fruity medium body and a raspberry vinaigrette and warming peppery spice finish. A big, bold cabernet that needs hearty meat dishes.
Dark ruby color. Aromas of beeswax, olive skin, and dried currants and meat with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy plum skin and cedar accented finish with chewy tannins. Very nice balance, savoriness, and restraint.
Dark ruby color. Mild aromas of cocoa, dried berries and meats with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a rounded, tangy craisin, spice, vanilla, and slate accented finish. Tasty.
Brick red with a light red rim. Aromas of licorice, vanilla, black raspberry, peppercorn, sassafras and spicy vanilla with a hint of barnyard. Full bodied with big, ripe, briery fruit, soft tannins and loads of decadent black licorice, cherry, cedar, and vanilla flavors. A macho, juicy pinot for Zin lovers.
Medium straw yellow. Aromas of lychee, jasmine tea, lemongrass, passion fruit, mango, pineapple and grilled peaches. Touch of ginger on the palate adds a zippiness to the lush tropical fruit. Crisp lemon balances the lush fruit that leads into a medium long and satisfying finish.
Interesting burnt sienna copper color. Meaty aromas of caramelized apricots, smoky grilled peaches, raisin buttercream, and candied ham skin with a with a silky, sweet medium-to-full body and a long, peach pie and pineapple yogurt accented finish. Very different and very good. Pair with cheeses, pies, and ice creams and 'baconated' desserts.
Pale platinum straw color. Aromas and flavors of Key lime and lemon cream pies with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a banana, Meyer lemon, and melon accented finish. Very tasty and balanced.
Brilliant scarlet color with a blue cast. Aromas of spicy pomegranate sorbet and and rhubarb compote with vibrant effervescent and fruit sweet medium-to-full body and a dried apricot, suede and orange accented finish. Fun vibrancy and complexity.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas and flavor of passionfruit, guava, and grapefruit sorbet with a with a fruity sweet, frothy medium-to-full body and rich, long tropical fruit punch finish. A very tasty and well made dessert sparkler. Try with vanilla ice cream of passionfruit soufflé.
Opaque with a deep red rim and stained legs. Aromas of black currant, coffee, black earth, vanilla and tar. Well integrated tannins with flavors of black cherry, plum, dried strawberry and black currant skin with vanilla, nutmeg and fresh tilled soil notes. Balanced finish with fruit framed with vanilla and earth.
Opaque with a brick rim and lightly stained legs. Aromas of black cherry, mocha, currant and vanilla. Black raspberry, black cherry and crushed blackberry flavors with long, well-integrated tannins. Allspice, vanilla and black licorice marry with firm, structured tannins on the finish.
Dark garnet color. Aromas of olives, green peppercorn, currants, carrot cake, and vanilla nut brittle with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a chocolate mint, pomegranate, spice, and earth accented finish. Fairly exotic and nicely structured for sipping or the table. Try with steak and green peppercorn sauce.
Aromas of toasty, yeasty raisin challah, black walnut skin, and berry custard with a silky, fruity medium body and a tangy cassis juice, tobacco leaf, and green apple skin accented finish with crunchy, earthy tannins. Will work great on the table.
Opaque violet black color. Aromas of dried blossoms, delicate spice, and chocolate covered cherries and nuts with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy honey, melon, pink pepper, and mocha accented finish and powdery tannins. A nicely balanced table wine or structured sipper.
Dark ruby color with a fading rim. Mild aromas and flavors of cocoa powder, pistachios, and dried cherries with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, cedar and leafy earth finish with powdery tannins. A pure, nicely restrained sangiovese for the table.
Pale silvery straw. Aromas of dried green apples and pears, honeycomb, and delicate smoky minerality with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a refreshing sweet Meyer lemon and earth accented finish. A delicious and vibrant pinot blanc.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Garnet purple color. Aromas of raspberry custard pie, dried lavender, chocolate, pound cake, and herbs with with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, wild strawberry and spice finish.
Opaque garnet violet color. Aromas of vanilla candle, spicy pickle, cassis custard, and menthol with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy, spiced pear, pomegranate, mocha, and mineral finish with chewy tannins. Very nice, try with venison.
Opaque garnet color. Aromas of exotic tropical fruits, cassis pie, nut brittle, and sweet pickle relish with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a spice and sandalwood incense accented finish with firm tannins. Will be better with time.
Dark garnet color. Aromas of dark roasted nuts, clay, olive, mocha, and berry pie crust with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tobacco, pencil shavings, and mineral accented finish. Quite elegant and graceful.
Ruby black color. Aromas of chocolate, candle wax, pomegranate, and smoked nuts with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, craisin, blueberry, and chewy tannin finish. A fun, flavorful cabernet.
Ruby color. Aromas of sour cherry compote, supple leather purse, and faint pickled beets with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a seamless blackberry and herb accented finish. A effortless sipper or table companion.
Dark garnet color. Aromas of cherry-vanilla yogurt, toffee, tar, and sandalwood incense with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy raspberry tart, smoked peppercorn, and green apple finish. A zesty table wine that will cover a lot of bases.
Deep purple color. Aromas of creamy mocha, toasted wood, berry pie, and a hint of crisp bacon with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and tangy, spiced melon, sour cherry, nutskin, and earth accented finish. A very tasty petite sirah for sipping.
Purple. Aromas of blackberries, chocolate graham crackers, and a hint of balsamic with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy dried berry, plum, creamy vanilla, smoked nut, and spice finish.
Ruby color with red-brown brick rim. Aromas of chocolate cherry, orange blossom honey, craisin, mint, and a hint of peat moss with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long peppercorn medley and spiced pear finish. Delicious and very balanced, given its high alcohol.
Deep garnet black color. Enticing aromas of vanilla nut brittle, maple sugar, and black raspberry preserves with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a long, creamy chocolate, dusty carrot, and cedar nuanced finish.
Deep garnet purple color. Bright aromas of black raspberry jam, spiced chocolate chocolate, and praline with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, nut, plum and raisin paste accented finish. Very zinfandel-like and quite tasty.
Pale golden color. Aromas of melon, Asian pear, and delicate spices and spring flowers with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a creamy apple creme brulee, peppery spices, and Meyer lemon finish. Very tasty, elegant, and a fine choice for seafood.
Deep purple color. Bright aromas and flavors of grape jam and soda with a supple, fruity sweet medium body and a tangy, mouthwatering lime sorbet accented finish. A bit simple, but very pure, vibrant, and zesty concord grape character.
Garnet violet color. Aromas of black walnut pie, bourbon barrel, spiced cranberries and figs, and vanilla brittle with a tangy medium-to-full body and a long, tart blackberry, spiced chocolate, and cedar finish with chewy oak tannins. A nice choice for the table now, but give this a little time for the tannins to round out.
Golden color. Interesting aromas of shredded wheat, golden raisin, spiced peach and pepper with satiny sweet medium-to-full body and a long, tangy orange marmalade, candied melon, and mineral accented finish. Nicely balanced and flavorful.
Dark ruby with a fading rim. Aromas of cranberry compote, dill pickles, and ink with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a chewy, cocoa fudge, pepper, and fall leaves accented finish. Very nice varietal character.
Pale silvery straw green with a persistent fine white mousse. Attractive fruity aromas of honeyed apricot, peach blossoms and golden raisins with a fruity sweet and tangy medium body and a long candied green apple and lemon curd finish. A very pure and tasty off-dry sparkler that is sure to please as a patio sipper, bbq wine, or with desserts.
Dark violet black color. Rich aromas of chocolate raisins and nuts are attractive with a buoyant fruit-yet-dry medium body and a zesty pomegranate and raspberry accented finish with firm oaky tannins. Serve with spicy beef dishes. Flavorful and fun now, will be in even better in a year.
Violet black color. Brawny aromas and flavors of stewed berries and chocolate mint cookie with a supple, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, warming, cedar, vanilla, and dusty spice accented finish with fine tannins. Nice rusticity and fruit.
 Certified Organic-Demeter Certified Biodynamic 
Dark ruby with a fading rim. Aromas of olive and pepper skins, cassis and cocoa with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a graceful dried currant, tomato preserves, nutskin, and accented earth finish. Excellent mature balance complexity for the table.
Garnet color. Aromas of clay, crayon, chocolate graham cracker, peppery spices, and dried berries with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a frosted shredded wheat, cedar, and pomegranate finish with dusty tannins. An interesting wine that will be fun at the table.
Dark garnet color. Beets and cassis aromas and flavors with a dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy chocolate, tobacco and mint finish.
Dark ruby color. Aromas of chocolate graham crackers, roasted nuts, latte, and berry jam on toast with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, chewy mocha latte and roasted pecan finish. Very tasty and refreshing.
Deep violet black color. Aromas of dried berries, clay, chocolate nuts, and a touch of coconut vinegar with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a spicy, spice and cedar accented finish with full, chewy tannins. Will get better with time.
 Kosher
Light garnet color. Dusty aromas of tar and cherry vinaigrette with a supple dryish medium body and a white strawberry, pencil, and gravel finish. Very old world in style. Serve with boar.
Attractive aromas and flavors of raspberry tart, pistachio gelato, and toffee with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy cherry custard and delicate baking spice accented finish with fine chewy tannins. A deliciously fruity, easy drinking red for sipping or the table.
Ruby with a red brick cast. Aromas and flavors of honeyed blueberries and cherries, smoked peppercorns, pencil shavings, nougat, and clay with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy cigar tobacco and earth accented finish. A rich and stylish table wine.
Garnet purple color. Savory aromas of roasted beets, huckleberries, beeswax, and cherries with a silky, fruity medium body and a tangy, sweet citrus and a spiced pear, cocoa, violet candy, and cedar finish. Very tasty.
Bright golden yellow color. Aromas of caramelized apples and pineapples, brown butter, and spiced nuts with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a plush, tangy citrus and spice finish. A nice oaky chardonnay with a solid core of fruit.
Golden yellow color. Interesting scents of gherkin, cream cheese, and spicy poached pear with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a spiced apple, melon, coconut milk, and sweet cream accented finish. An excellent choice for the table.
Golden color. Smoky, concentrated aromas of grilled apples and Meyer lemons, rosemary honey, and pickling spices with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, toasty pineapple cake and nut finish. Lots of rich fruit and rich oak for sipping.
Aromas of roasted nuts, pineapple chutney, and a floral green apples with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy, vanilla, nut, and cedar accented finish. A delicate, elegant oak influenced chardonnay for all occasions.
Ruby garnet color. Aromas roasted beets, cherry tart, honeycomb, and delicate spices with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a toasty toffee, black raspberry, mineral, pepper, and herb accented finish. A nicely styled sipper or table wine.
Waxy honeycomb, melon, and nectarine aromas and flavors with a fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a tangy apple sauce and lemon sherbet finish. Tasty.
Pale straw green color. Aromas of peach, geranium, and mint with a fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a crisp, sweet citrus, green apple, and mineral accented finish. A fine pinot grigio with great acidity and varietal character.
Pale ruby color. Aromas of blueberries, mulberries, melon rind, cornichon, and aloe with a fruity sweet medium body and a honeyed raisin, molasses cookie, and mint finish. A nicely layered dessert wine to go with blue cheeses.
Copper salmon pink color. Aromas of warm apricot compote and buttery pralines with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy sour cherry and blood orange accented finish. A delicious, appetizing rosé that dances to its own beat.
Golden straw color. Aromas of sweet apples, vanilla cream, and praline with a fruity, medium body and a tangy, earthy, pineapple, banana leaf, and lemon gelato finish. Very tasty and great integration of fruit and oak.
Garnet purple color. Rich aromas of cassis pie a la mode, herbal pickled peppers and beets, and sandalwood with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, spiced apple and melon accented finish with powdery tannins.
Pale straw green. Mild aromas of cracked pepper muffin, lemon, and passionfruit with a silky, fruity-yet-dryish medium body and an elegant, tangy lemon-lime and mango finish. Delicious and well balanced flavors and acidity.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of sundried tomato, sweet pepper, grapefruit rind and papaya with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tart apple and lime curd finish. A nicely framed sauvignon with balanced layers of complexity.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Ruby color. Aromas of chocolate berries and pickling spices with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy blood orange, apple, nut, and mineral finish.
Ruby color. Aromas of chocolate nuts, honeycomb, and berries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a plush, tangy, savory finish. Classically styled Napa zinfandel that is sure to please.
Toasty strawberry tart and herb aromas and flavors with a crisp, tangy medium body and a juicy red berry, cream and spice accented finish. Refreshing.
Pale golden silver color. Aromas of white flowers, lychee, and mango with a crisp, fruity light-to-medium body and a tangy melon, apple, cream and citrus accented finish. Very tasty, balanced and crowd pleasing.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of wild flowers, toasty angel food cake, and delicate pickling spices with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy Meyer lemon, melon, and nut brittle accented finish. Very tasty and distinctive.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Pale yellow straw color. Earthy aromas of dried flowers, fallen apples, and honeycomb with a dryish light body and a tart Meyer lemon soda, chalk, lime zest finish. A Teutonic dry table wine that will be perfect with oysters.
Pale golden yellow color. Slightly smoky aromas of grilled grapefruit and green peppers and gherkins with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy ripe mango and passionfruit accented finish. A delicious, zesty sauvignon blanc for all occasions and especially grilled shrimp.
Ruby black color. Aromas of plums, pistachio gelato, roasted tomato, and clay with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a juicy and savory blackberry, beet, cedar, and mineral accented finish. A well balanced and stylish table wine.
Dusty ruby color. Aromas of sour cherry preserves, milk chocolate, and marinated beets with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tangy coconut milk. buttercream, and mineral accented finish. An elegant, flavorful pinot noir.
Ruby color. Vibrant aromas of smoked peppercorns and grilled cherries and coconut with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy blood orange, nutskin, and sweet cream accented finish. A smoky, appetizing pinot noir.
Ruby color. Aromas of coconut creme brulee, dried goji berry, and cherry nut cobbler with a tangy, fruity medium-to-full body and a maple nut fudge, spiced apple, and sweet citrus finish. A lovely, zesty pinot for all occasions.
Ruby color. Aromas of dark chocolate graham crackers and spiced cherries with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a lively citrus and spiced nut accented finish. Very tasty and appetizing.
Garnet color. Aromas of roasted cherries and nut brittle with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy blood orange, apple skin, cedar and tobacco accented finish. Very nice.
Pale golden color. Attractive aromas of dried peaches, nougat, and delicate spice with a silky, fruity light-to-medium body and a long, honeyed apple, lemon yogurt, and nut accented finish. A very tasty and refreshing crowd pleaser.
Pale straw green color. Interesting aromas of cracked pepper, spiced nuts, cedar, gherkin with a silk, dryish light-to-medium body and a green apple, lemon, and nectarine finish. A distinctive choice for smoked oysters and grilled fish.
Silvery brassy color. Aromas and flavors of green apple, nuts, and dusty minerals with very crisp and tart light-to-medium body and a grassy, lemony finish. A spot on, dry pinot gris that tastes very Italian.
Garnet color. Aromas of boysenberry jam on toast and pepper dust with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a juicy cherry, honeyed apple, and pencil shaving accented finish. Nice flavor and versatile style.
Ruby. Honeydew melon gelato, starfruit, cherry jam with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy orange, nut, and mineral accented finish with powdery tannins. A charming, balanced zin.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
 Certified Organic 
Pale garnet fuchsia color. Aromas of cranberries and lemon sorbet with a crisp, almost spritzy fruity-yet-dry light-to-medium body and a tangy strawberry, orange mineral water, and melon finish. A very refreshing and lively rosé for sipping or seafood.
Silvery straw color. Aromas and flavors of green apples, lemon, nutskin, and minerals with a spritzy dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body with racy acidity and a crisp, refreshing finish.
Dark ruby color. Aromas of floral beeswax, dried berries and nuts with a supple, dryish medium body and a tangy sour cherry, apple and kale accented finish and chewy tannins. A tasty and refreshing table wine; needs 10-15 minutes of aeration prior to serving.
Straw color. Interesting aromas of dusty peppercorn, lemon, nougat, and herbs de Provence with a silky dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, cream and clay accented finish. A nice dry white wine that will be great with seafood.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of peach custard, apricot sorbet and nougat with an effervescent medium body and a racy, lemon, chalk and lime driven finish. A lovely, zesty sipper.
 Sustainable Agriculture 
Pale straw color. Aromas of lime custard, spice dust, and melon with an effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a mouth watering kiwi, tart apple, and nougat accented finish. A delicious and well balanced sparkler for all occasions.
Dark ruby color. Intricate aromas of cherry, almond pastry, beef tartare, and delicate spice with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy craisin, pomegranate, and nut skin finish with earthy tannins. A very serious table wine to pair with roasted meats.
Garnet. Aromas of smoked nuts and meats, grilled tomato, and pomegranate with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a cedar and delicate creamy spice accented finish. Nice balanced and refinement.
Yellow straw color. Aromas of baked apple and nuts with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy, mineral and peach skin finish.
Copper mahogany color. Aromas of stewed raisins and stone fruits and nougat with a supple, fruity sweet medium-full body and long, honey, pie peach, and spice finish. A delicious dessert in a glass.
Golden color. Aromas of dried apples, honey, apricot yogurt, and porridge with a silky, sweet medium body and a tangy candied citrus, golden raisin, and delicate spiced nut finish. Tasty.
Ruby black color. Bright aromas of chocolate nuts, spicy plum pie, and orange bread with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and juicy boysenberry and toasty spice finish with fine tannins. A tasty sipper or table wine.
Violet black color. Attractive aromas of orange and cherry sorbets and toffee with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a tangy pomegranate, nut, and pencil shaving finish. A tasty, zesty red that will cover a lot of bases.
Salmon amber color. Aromas of sour cherries, melon and brown sugar with a lightly sparkling dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, citrus tart, mulberry, and gravel accented finish. A nice dry sparkler for sipping or the table.
Garnet purple color. Aromas of berry pie a la mode, roasted pepper, and honeycomb with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy spiced apple and citrus accented finish with supporting tannins. A rock solid red for sipping or the table.
Violet black color. Aromas of spicy black raspberry pie, peppercorns, peach cookie, and honey with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, cherry, dried meat, and nut accented finish.
Inky violet black color. Unique aromas and flavors of Key lime pie, eucalyptus, and spicy blueberry cobbler with a silky, fruity medium body and a juicy, cherry and and vanilla cream accented finish. A bit on the confected side, but very distinctive and flavorful.
Golden yellow color. Bright aromas and flavors of ruby grapefruit and delicate herbs with a lightly effervescent fruity medium body and an Asian spice nuanced finish. Really pure, tasty, and mouthwatering.
Garnet color. Aromas of dried blueberries, graham cracker, and pepper with a crisp, fruity-yet-dry medium body and nice cocoa, beet, cedar, and spice accented finish with chewy tannins. A nicely balanced oak aged malbec.
Clear with a pale nickel straw cast. Aromas of pineapple yogurt and rice cake with a silky, dryish medium body and a melon, cream, bamboo and sea salt accented finish. A solid sipper or table sake.
Clear with a nickel gray cast. Aromas of almond nougat, melon, and green banana with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and creamy coconut milk, mango, apple, and radish finish. Great delicacy and poise for sipping or fine sushi.
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of coconut cake, nut, and papaya yogurt with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a crisp, apple, radish, lime, and nougat finish. Tasty and sure to please.
Very pale silver straw color. Aromas of spicy poached pears, ground nuts, and pineapple gelato with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a melon, pepper, and cream finish. Robust and nicely balanced fruit.
Pale straw color. Aromas of almond, whipped cream, bamboo shoot, and quince with a dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a pear, mineral, and peppery radish accented finish. A rock solid sake for all occasions.
 Organically Grown Grapes 
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of peach tart and blossoms with an effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a crisp, tangy sweet citrus and apricot skin finish. Very tasty and balanced.
Golden silver color. Candied aromas and flavors of fresh tropical fruit punch with a effervescent fruity sweet medium body and a tangy guava and lime driven finish. A fun, flavor-paced sparkler that is sure to please the crowd.
Pale golden color. Interesting aromas of clay, peppercorn, ginger, flan, and spicy carrot cake with a silky, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a white cranberry, Asian pear, nutshell, and delicate wintergreen finish. A delicate and intricately flavorful mead; pair with sushi.
Rich copper bronze color. Vibrant and complex roasted and dried pepper aromas and flavors with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a hot chili, spicy bbq rub, honeyed nut and mineral finish. A pure spiced mead that excel with bbq and in cocktails.
Pale golden color. Bold hoppy aromas and flavors of grapefruit, mango, pepper and oregano with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium body and a savory salted nut, roasted root vegetable and honey cream. A fun flavor ride that will appeal to hopheads; try with cheeses too.
Pale scarlet copper color. Aromas of strawberry rhubarb pie, cherry gelatin, and melon with an effervescent, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a tangy cranberry and tangerine accented finish. A juicy, mouthwatering Cava for all applications; serve with duck.
Ruby black color. Aromas of toffee and berry pie a la mode with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a lively citrus gelato and delicate spice accented finish. A zesty, well balanced sipper or table wine.
Straw color. Aromas of lemon bread, melon, peach pit with a crisp, fruity medium body and a tangy sweet citrus, green apple, and mineral driven finish. A spot on riesling that will cover a lot of bases.
Ruby color. Mellow aromas of cocoa, pomegranate, and pickled peppers with a silky, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, breezy, creme brulee, beets, and tomato finish with soft tannins and light oak. A stylish, nicely balanced cab franc.
Brick red color. Lively aromas of red cherry, plum, wild strawberry, and baking spice with a soft, dry medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium-long, blackberry, cherry skin, rhubarb-plum, and dried herbs finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Pretty notes of cherry and berry throughout are well complimented with a hint of dried herbs, understated oak and firm, but well-integrated tannic structure.
Opaque violet color. Rich aromas of black cherry, currant, dried strawberry, and vanilla with a lightly tannic, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long, black currant, cherry skin, vanilla-tinged bacon fat, and crushed black plum finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. Dense and fat dark fruits with toothsome tannins that are unafraid of being a Cabernet with a density to the balance that will unfold into more complexity with proper cellaring.
Opaque violet black color. Aromas of spiced plums, nut brittle, clay, and dried blueberries with a supple, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a tingling, breezy, vanilla yogurt, cedar, and leafy earth finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A lively table friendly cabernet.
Opaque garnet violet black color. Aromas of spiced berries, lilac, nougat, and honeycomb with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long, peppery spice, cedar, and earth finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. An elegantly styled cabernet for sipping or the table.
Ruby violet color. Bold aromas of black cherry, cocoa, blackberry, and tar with a creamy, medium-full body and a warming, complex, medium-long, black currant, crushed blackberry, mocha java, and tart cherry finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. Bold and zesty with a touch of roasted tomato within the generous dark fruit and mocha palate and enough acid and tannin to balance all that is going on.
Dark ruby black color. Mild aromas of honeyed raisin toast, caramelized bacon, berry pie crust, and grilled pepper with a velvety, dry-yet-fruity body and a smooth, complex, medium length, pencil shavings, pomegranate ice, earth, and vanilla finish with firm tannins and moderate oak. A well structured and intricately flavorful cabernet with firm, but integrated tannins.
Brick red color. Bold aromas of black currant, damson plum, black pepper, and crushed berries with a dry medium-to-full body and a smooth, medium length, dried cherry, blackberry, vanilla, and pomegranate finish with soft tannins and moderate oak. Bold and sure of itself.
Ruby color. Bright aromas of plum, raspberry, peppercorns, and aged cheese with a soft, medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium length, cherry, plum, plum tomato, and vanilla finish with soft tannins and moderate oak.
 Sustainability in Practice Certified 
Dark garnet color. Aromas of honeycomb, wild berries, and tomatoes on the vine with a supple, dryish light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium length, pomegranate, clay, and beet finish with medium tannins and light oak. A nuanced, savory red that will shine at the table.
Garnet color. Aromas of coffee gelato, olives, and roasted cherries with a soft, medium body and a warming, interesting, medium length, minerals, toasted nuts, and spiced berries finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A zesty red that will work well with spicy meat dishes.
Garnet color. Aromas of boysenberry jam, eucalyptus, and pistachio toffee with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium length, plum tart and starfruit finish with medium tannins and moderate oak. A rock solid merlot with a nice herbal character.
Golden yellow color. Aromas of raisins, honey, and dried peach with a silky, fruity sweet medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium length, toasted nut bread, delicate spice, and toasted meringue finish with soft tannins and light oak. A rock solid, lighter styled dessert wine.
Clear silver color. Fruity aromas of overripe apple and pear, honeysuckle, and rice pudding with a soft, fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy, banana, starfruit, mineral, and vanilla cream finish. An elegant and balanced sake that will cover a lot of bases.
Pale silvery straw color. Inviting aromas of almond custard, baked pear, and anisette cookie with a supple, effervescent, fruity light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, honeyed jicama and chalk finish. A fun, zesty sparkling sake that's really different; you should definitely try this.
Bright ruby color. Fruity aromas of cherry pastry and berry sorbet with a velvety, fruity sweet medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium length, sweet cream and apple sauce finish. A fun, flavor packed fruit wine with nice purity.
Bright ruby color. Aromas of raspberry crumble and toffee with a silky, fruity sweet light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium length, berry jam and toasted cranberry bread finish. A nice compliment to desserts and cheeses.
Dark ruby color. Mellow aromas of flower patch, tomato on the vine, dried cranberry, and nougat with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a smooth, interesting, medium length, spice, mineral, berry custard, and sandalwood finish with soft tannins and light oak. A delicious and stylishly balanced merlot with a nice Old World charm.
Brick red color. Lively aromas of cherry, dried raspberry, crushed blackberry, and baking spice with a soft, dry medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, medium length, cherry, wild strawberry, boysenberry, and vanilla finish with soft tannins and moderate oak. A Merlot that is fun to just drink, but will hold its own at the dinner table.
Dark violet color. Fruity aromas of apricot jam, huckleberry, and honey cream with a silky, fruity light-to-medium body and a smooth, interesting, breezy, lime and apple finish with soft tannins and light oak. A wonderfully fresh, fruity and zesty sipper or table wine.
Golden straw color. Aromas of baked peaches and geranium with a soft, dry-yet-fruity body and a smooth, interesting, medium length, Meyer lemon and nectarine finish. A juicy, refreshing white for all occasions.
Golden straw color. Aromas of citrus yogurt, pickled pepper, and carnations with a soft, off-dry light-to-medium body and a tingling, interesting, medium length, orange blossom honey, peaches, and green apples finish with light oak. A delightfully fruity and fragrant off-dry sipper or table wine.
Golden straw color. Attractive aromas of peach, pear, ginger, and cantaloupe with a velvety, dryish medium body and a smooth, complex, medium-long, heirloom melon, peach jam, candied ginger, and ale yeast finish. Think chardonnay in a daring outfit, full and round but unafraid to show off its daring, spicy, edgy style.
Violet color. Bright aromas and flavors of cherry, plum, vanilla, and boysenberry with a satiny, soft, dry medium body and a smooth, intriguing brisk finish with silky tannins and light oak. Big fruit and soft tannins from nose to finish.
